@title
The blood test that detects killer SEPSIS in five minutes : Revolutionary treatment could save thousands of lives , and may soon be introduced in the NHS

@body
A blood test that can detect sepsis in five minutes could save thousands of lives .
The revolutionary test has just been approved in Europe and could be used in NHS hospitals next year to prevent deaths .
Sepsis is a life-threatening condition that occurs when the body 's immune system over-reacts to an infection and starts attacking its own tissues and organs .
This can be triggered by anything from cuts and bites to urinary or chest infections . About 150,000 people develop sepsis in the UK every year , with 44,000 deaths .
Many deaths could be avoided with greater awareness of symptoms and faster treatment .
The Daily Mail 's End The Sepsis Scandal campaign has repeatedly called for a radical improvement in how the NHS tackles the condition .
Sepsis is treatable with intravenous antibiotics and fluids , but these must be given very early on . If not treated promptly , it can lead to tissue damage and major organ failure .
Even if a patient survives , they can suffer brain damage or loss of limbs .
Diagnosis is currently based on an assessment of clinical signs such as a high temperature , abnormal heart and breathing rates .
The most reliable way to confirm diagnosis is to send a blood sample to a laboratory , where it is cultured and tested for a number of proteins thought to be affected by infection .
But this is not sufficiently sensitive or specific and results can take up to three days .
This is why The UK Sepsis Trust advises that , if sepsis is suspected , antibiotic treatment should begin within an hour of diagnosis , even before blood tests are taken .
However , a new fast-track test could help with diagnosis . The breakthrough for the technology came in 2012 when Swiss researchers found that a protein called pancreatic stone protein -LRB- PSP -RRB- in the blood is only raised in patients with sepsis .
We all have some of this protein in our blood , but studies have shown that someone with sepsis has dramatically higher levels .
Scientists have developed a test for it : the abioSCOPE is roughly the size of a domestic coffee machine and can be used by patients ' bedsides in A&E and intensive care units .
If a child or adult who has had any infection -- even a mild cold -- develops one or more of the following symptoms , call 999 immediately and say you think they have sepsis :
1 . Abnormally cold to touch .
2 . Breathing rapidly or struggling for breath .
3 . Very lethargic or difficult to rouse .
4 . No urine -LRB- or wet nappy -RRB- for over 12 hours .
5 . Skin mottled , blueish or extremely pale .
If sepsis is suspected by doctors , antibiotic treatment must begin as soon as possible -- ideally within an hour of diagnosis -- even before blood tests have been carried out .
To carry out the test , a single drop of blood is taken from a patient 's finger and mixed with a chemical that helps the abioSCOPE work .
The sample is then put in the abioSCOPE machine , which analyses the blood . The blood interacts with sensors that detect PSP levels . Test results are displayed on a screen and can be transferred wirelessly to hospital records .
This entire process takes only five minutes .
Commenting on the new test , Dr Ron Daniels , a consultant in critical care and chief executive of The UK Sepsis Trust , says : ` Any test that can help us identify sepsis earlier is likely to help save lives , especially if it can help differentiate between people with sepsis and those with symptoms of infection from other causes .
` This new test for some patients we 're unsure about might work well as part of the jigsaw in deciding whether or not to start antibiotics .
` It will not provide the answer alone . However , it is a step forward . '



@summary
Sepsis is a life-threatening condition caused by your own body 's immune system

@summary
It occurs when your body overreacts to any infection , even to a small cut or bite

@summary
The new test has the potential to save hundreds of thousands in emergency care

