@title
Mother who kept ATM receipts , plastic bottles and business cards reveals how she kicked her hoarding habit - after her dining room got so cluttered her family could n't sit down for dinner

@body
A mother-of-three who hoarded piles of paper , clothing and letters for more than two decades has revealed how she overcame her disorder .
Angela , who only provided her first name , moved to Sydney from the United States 20 years ago with just one box of her belongings , Fairfax Media reported .
But as she started a family , the mounds of rubbish she collected spiralled out of control that they could barely move inside their inner-city apartment .
Her dining room was completely cluttered with junk that her family was unable to eat around the dinner table .
Leaflets , business cards , ATM receipts , plastic water bottles , and her children 's school projects and toys were crammed into the rooms .
The 43-year-old mother described herself as an 'em otional hoarder ' because she found it difficult to get rid of the items she accumulated .
` The kids started growing up , I did n't want to let go of their things , ' she said .
` Whenever I was out shopping , I would always go to the bargain bins . I would buy things because they were on sale and it would make me feel better . '
The scale of the problem finally dawned on Angela when she moved to a larger apartment in Surry Hills two years ago with her husband and their children , aged 14 and 17 .
She joined a program called Room to Grow , run by Mission Australia , which helped her sort through what she needed and what she should throw out or recycle .
The pilot program was designed to offer psychological support to people with hoarding disorder , which is a mental health issue .

` Previously , if you were to come in here and make me throw out my stuff I would bite your head off , ' Angela said .
` Now , when I go shopping , I just buy what I need and I walk out . I used to keep everything . Now , I 've learned to tear them up . '
The family has been able to enjoy the space around their home for the first time in several years but there is still more work to be done .
The family-of-five can eat their meals and share conversations around the dinner table again after Angela got rid of most of the rubbish in the room .
There are still junk piled against the walls of the home but Angela is on the road to recovery as she continues to sort through two decades of her possession .

@summary
A mother-of-three who hoarded piles of paper , clothing and letters for 20 years

@summary
Angela , 43 , moved to Sydney from the US with just one box of her belongings

@summary
But as she started a family , the mounds of rubbish she collected escalated

@summary
Her home was so cluttered , the family could barely move inside their apartment

