@title
Utah lawmaker proposes bill that would make it a criminal offense to terrorize a cow with a drone

@body
A Utah lawmaker wants to make it a criminal offense if people terrorize a cow with a drone .
The proposal would mean people are sent to prison if they harass livestock using all-terrain vehicles and even dogs under a proposal that is the first of its kind in the US .
Republican Representative Scott Chew , who is also a rancher , said Tuesday that he introduced the bill last month because farmers incur significant costs and hardships when livestock are injured .
Anna Marie Vail of the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food said the proposal is needed .
She said young people often chase farm animals for fun , and if livestock get stressed , they can simply roll over and die .
` They do n't understand the seriousness of what they 're doing and how much that cow or calf means to the farmer , ' she said .
Animal harassment also can have an economic impact , Chew said , stating if a cow is chased it can lose weight which makes it less valuable .
Chew said his animals have been harassed .
About two years ago , his sheep were drinking water from a trough when a group of ATVs drove through them , scattering the herd , the lawmaker said .
Although none of the animals were hurt , he said many lambs could have become orphans .
` The worst thing that can happen is you get mamas separated from their babies , and that 's one of my biggest concerns , ' Chew said .

The Humane Society of the United States said the plan was redundant and may discourage members of the public from getting close enough to livestock to expose farmers ' mistreatment of their animals .
Utah already has a law against injuring or killing farm animals .
` The biggest concern for us is that it eliminates any kind of possibility of documenting the problems that are taking place on that property , ' said Sundays Hunt , the organization 's director in Utah .
Chew 's proposal calls for up to a year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine for someone who purposefully drives an ATV through a herd of cattle or chases chickens with a drone and seriously injures or kills the animals .
He said he has not heard of drones hurting farm animals but wants to ensure farmers are covered in case they do .


@summary
Republican Representative Scott Chew wants to introduce the unique new law

@summary
The proposal would mean people are sent to jail if they harass any animals

@summary
Animals can fall over and die or lose weight which reduces their value if harassed

@summary
If it is introduced , the piece of legislation would be the first of its kind in the US

