@title
Danny Welbeck imitates a Turkish chef , Steve Bouldiola , a decorated post box and a double-barrelled midfield : Seven things you missed from Southampton 0-5 Arsenal

@body
Arsenal demolished Southampton 5-0 to progress to the fifth round of the FA Cup , with Theo Walcott and Danny Welbeck leading the way .
Walcott scored a hat-trick against his former club while Welbeck netted two , and created one , as he returned to the starting XI after nine months away .
Do n't worry if you missed anything during the dominant display from the Gunners , because Sportsmail 's eagle-eyed team made sure the all-important finer details were preserved for posterity .
Welbeck 's back with a bang with two on his ` debut '
Danny Welbeck made the perfect return from injury as he scored twice , and laid on another , in what was his first start for nine months .
His glorious return also allowed the BT Sport commentary team to bring out one of football 's great cliches , with his first start following a long-term injury being compared to being ` like a new signing ' for the Gunners on at least three occasions .
Two goals and an assist on your ` debut ' is a good start ...
Then he celebrates by impersonating a Turkish chef
Is Welbeck the first Premier League player to imitate a Turkish chef while celebrating a goal ? Probably .
After a sizzling return to the starting XI with a brace , Welbeck celebrated by sprinkling salt in homage to Nusret Gokce , who went viral earlier this month with his flamboyant salt sprinkling routine . It also earned him the name #Saltbae . The internet is a wonderful place .
Gokce has racked up more than nine million views on Instagram and has already been booked to open several restaurants as a result of his displays . Welbeck 's imitation sent social media wild , of course .
It 's Steve Bouldiola
With Wenger banished to the stands , as he served the first of his four-game touchline ban , it was Steve Bould who oversaw Arsenal 's riot from the bench .
The Frenchman was in regular communication using an earpiece , of course , but any more results like this and he may be out of a job .
Bould 's instant impact saw him christened as Steve Bouldiola on social media , in homage to Manchester City boss Pep , although it 's debatable whether the former Gunners centre-half could pull off a turtleneck and designer jeans in quite the same way .
He had the Arsenal fans singing his name by the end , though , as ` Steve Bould 's yellow army ' rang out at St Mary 's .
All changes are equal , but some are more equal than others
The magic of the cup ? Well , both teams made 10 changes to their side for this fourth round clash and that tells you everything you need to know .
But while Southampton drafted in a group of inexperienced youngsters averaging a little over 12 appearances apiece this season , presumably in a bid to strengthen their bid to secure a mid-table place , Arsenal brought back a number of big Guns .
Back came Welbeck , to devastating effect , as well as Hector Bellerin and # 17million summer signing Lucas Perez . It showed .

Saints dreaming of Wembley
The Saints ' FA Cup dream was dead inside 20 minutes thanks to Welbeck 's early double , but that did nothing to dampen the fans ' thoughts of Wembley .
Claude Puel 's side , of course , will be playing Manchester United under the famous arch on February 26 in the EFL Cup final following their success against Liverpool , with the the St Mary 's crowd keen to remember that fact despite things going wrong on the pitch .
` Wembley , Wembley , we 're the famous Southampton and we 're off to Wembley ' , they sang .
Post box celebrations
It was quickly dashed , but there was plenty of optimism heading into this game on the south coast .
Fresh from booking their Wembley place in the EFL Cup , Saints fans showed their joy by decorating a post box in the city in the style of their team 's shirts .
Thankfully for the long-term future of said post box , the fans opted to recreate their side 's red and white home shirts , rather than their black and grey away number .
What 's in a name ? A lot of letters
If it were not for a three hyphens , you could be forgiven for thinking Arsenal were lining up with a six-man midfield .
It was however , just three , with the trio selected by Arsene Wenger all sporting double-barrelled names .
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Jeff Reine-Adelaide are the three in question , with their names using a total of 58 letters .



@summary
Arsenal beat Southampton 5-0 in the FA Cup at St Mary 's on Saturday night

@summary
Theo Walcott scored a hat-trick and Danny Welbeck netted twice in the victory

@summary
Welbeck imitated a popular internet meme has he celebrated his first goal

@summary
Steve Bould led Arsenal from the touchline with Arsene Wenger banned

