@title
` I 'm telling you - it happened ! ' Angry Harriet Harman denies ` inventing ' claim that university lecturer offered her a 2.1 degree if she slept with him

@body
Harriet Harman angrily denied she invented claims that a ` repulsive ' university lecturer offered bump up her marks if she slept with him .
The former deputy Labour leader hit back at the lecturer 's ex-wife , who dismissed her allegation , which was revealed in her memoir - A Woman 's Work , published this week .
She said Professor T. V. Sathyamurthy , her course tutor at York University who died in 1998 , told her she was a borderline candidate and would get an upper or lower second -- a 2:1 or 2:2 - in her politics degree .
He said her grade was likely to suffer if she did not sleep with him . Ms Harman , now 66 , said she rejected his proposal .
Challenged today over claims from Prof Sathyamurthy 's ex-wife Carole Satyamurti , 77 , that the allegations were untrue , Ms Harman told the BBC : ` I 'm telling you -- it happened . The idea that somehow I would invent it -- why would I ? '
Scroll down for video


The Labour MP said the incident was one of the reasons she became a feminist and decided to speak out about it now to help today 's students feel they can complain if they are pestered for sex .
' I have n't said anything about out till now because it was horrible and I was risking -LSB- my degree -RSB- -- I 'd earned that level of mark -- why should I be downgraded ? ' she said .
` It was a threat and it did actually happen and I said it happened now , having not said anything about it before , because I think we need to look at how we make sure those people , who are put in that position , feel able to complain ... and those people who do that are held to account . '
She also called for more action to help female students who face similar harassment .
` It 's also quite wrong to believe that things like this only happened in those days . It still goes on today , ' she said .
` Surveys have shown a very large number of women are subjected to this kind of behaviour now . Thankfully , it is easier for them to complain but we need to give them more help . '
Ms Harman graduated from York in 1972 at the age of 21 , and has said she obtained a 2:1 ` despite ' rejecting the professor 's offer .
Hitting out at suggestions she was ` making a fuss ' because she 's a feminist , she said : ` It was worse than that , he threatened to lower my marks if I did n't sleep with him , ' she said .
` The idea put about by some that I am making a fuss about it now because I am a feminist is completely ridiculous . It 's things like this that make women like me feminists . '
Speaking from her north London home , Mrs Satyamurti , who spells her name slightly differently from her ex-husband 's , said she could not believe the allegation was true .
The retired poet and sociology lecturer , said : ` That 's horrible . I find this very hard to believe . The story sounds very dubious to me . He was very brilliant and full of jokes but very respectful of women . I 'm sure he would n't have done that . '
They married in 1963 but separated around the time of their daughter 's birth in 1972 .
Ms Harman , 66 , once said women 's rights were at the heart of her decision to enter politics . ' I am in the Labour Party because I am a feminist ... because I believe in equality . '



@summary
Harriet Harman said Professor T. V. Sathyamurthy offered to bump up marks if she slept with him at university - which his ex-wife has denied

@summary
Today she dismissed suggestion she made up the story , saying : ` The idea that somehow I would invent it -- why would I ? '

@summary
Former deputy Labour leader says lecturer who ` pestered her for sex ' was the reason she became a feminist - and called for more action against harassment

@summary
Incident revealed in Ms Harman 's memoir , A Woman 's Work , released this week

