@title
Heart-warming moment villagers pull drowning baby elephant to safety after he fell into a water tank

@body
Footage has captured the dramatic rescue of a drowning baby elephant after it fell into a water tank .
The five-month-old male calf was rescued by villagers in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu earlier this month .
The animal , which came from the adjacent Nilgiris Biosphere Reserve in Periyanaickenpalayam , is believed to have fallen in while trying to drink some water .
Forest ranger Palaniraja said : ` On June 11 , we received information from the villagers that three wild elephants were raiding fields at Rayaruthupathi near Naickenpalayam on the outskirts of the city in the early hours of June 11 .
` We rushed to the spot along with a team of anti-poaching watchers . '
They managed to scare the other elephants away using firecrackers .
Once the wild elephants were gone , the villagers noticed the trunk of the calf bobbing up in the water tank at Rose Garden , a private farm .
` It 's possible that the baby elephant got freaked out after hearing the sound of the firecracker and fell into the tank while trying to escape , ' said Palaniraja .
Video footage shows six villagers tugging the elephant calf out of the water by its legs and trunk .
After pulling the calf onto dry ground , the rescuers flee in fear while the baby elephant staggers around .
The calf was part of a herd of eight elephants that visited the area to drink water and feast on the crops .
` The herd was waiting for the calf around 150 metres away from the water tank , ' said the forest ranger .
Rescuers later managed to reunite the calf with its herd in the reserve forest , where anti-poaching watchers are monitoring the animal .

@summary
It was rescued in the Coimbatore district of the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu

@summary
The animal came from the nearby Nilgiris Reserve in Periyanaickenpalayam

@summary
Forest ranger Palaniraja believes it fell in while trying to drink some water

@summary
Rescuers later managed to reunite the calf with its herd in the Reserve 's forest

