@title
Wealthy Tory councillor , 38 , who was in charge of the Grenfell Tower refurbishment FLEES his # 1.3 million home after ` receiving threats from angry residents '

@body
The wealthy Tory councillor who was in charge of the Grenfell Tower refurbishment has fled his # 1.3 million home after allegedly receiving threats from angry residents .
Rock Feilding-Mellen , who is deputy leader of Kensington and Chelsea Borough Council and the cabinet member for housing , was seen leaving his house with a suitcase and holdall on Saturday morning .
A council spokesperson confirmed that he had relocated his family ` at his own expense ' , following ` threats and vandalism outside his house ' .
Police have confirmed that enquiries are on-going over the threats received by Cllr Feilding-Mellen .
According to The Mirror , the councillor bought his home , which is located near Grenfell Tower , in 2010 for # 750,000 .
After becoming the cabinet member for housing in 2013 , he is thought to have overseen the # 10million refurbishment of the 24-storey block , which was completed last July .
The anger at Cllr Feilding-Mellen comes after Nicholas Holgate , the # 180,000-a-year chief executive of Kensington and Chelsea Council , was forced to quit over the devastating blaze and the ` shambolic ' response effort .
In a statement , he said communities secretary Sajid Javid had ` required the leader of the council to seek my resignation ' , adding it would be a ` distraction ' if he kept his job .
He said : ` Serving the families so desperately affected by the heart-breaking tragedy at Grenfell Tower remains the highest priority of the council .
` Despite my wish to have continued , in very challenging circumstances , to lead on the executive responsibilities of the council , I have decided that it is better to step down from my role , once an appropriate successor has been appointed . '

Following his resignation , London Mayor Sadiq Khan called for further heads to roll at the council , saying that there was ` not a chance in hell ' that residents ` will have the semblance of confidence until they see a change in leadership ' .



@summary
Council deputy leader Rock Feilding-Mellen has relocated family from home

@summary
A spokesperson said there had been ` threats and vandalism outside his house '

@summary
He is thought to have overseen the # 10m refurbishment of the 24-storey block

