@title
Tying the knot ! VERY peculiar image of a couple with their hoody strings TIED together goes viral - prompting dozens of other people to confess that they do the same weird trick

@body
People in love are known to do bizarre things every now and then . For one couple , tying the strings of their hoodies together equals quality bonding time .
Perhaps even stranger than this one couple 's weird stunt is the fact that they 're evidently not the only people who have done this . In fact , a Twitter thread reveals numerous other individuals who confess to playing this game with their friends .
It all started with the Lovells - Josh and Madison - who live in Chicago , Illinois . When Josh was getting ready to leave for an eight-month Navy deployment , Madison 's sister Allu caught them in the act of tying their hoodie strings together .
Allu posted the picture of her sister and brother-in-law to Twitter with the caption , ` What is wrong with my sister and her husband . '
Though seemingly random , Allu 's tweet quickly caught on . The responses were a passionate mixture of the confused and the praise-filled .
On the one hand , many questioned exactly what the couple was doing , where they got the idea , and why anyone would think to rope themselves to another human via their hoodie - even if that human was their life partner .
Even more strange , however , was the opposite camp who immediately identified with Josh and Madison .
Many even shared images of themselves or their friends participating in this strange hoodie-entangling trick .
There seems to be no rhyme or reason behind this game . In the responses to the original tweet , one girl who said she had tied her hoodie to someone else 's in the past was asked , ` Can you explain why ? Or was it just one of those moments ? '
Her reply seemed to be about the only justifiable explanation for this scenario : ` Well you know how like you 're just chillin with friends and like you get genius ideas ? That 's what happened . '
Of course , whether or not one is interested in potentially strangling themselves with a stunt like this , no one who replied to the tweet could deny Josh and Madison 's love for each other .
` They 're communicating on a very high level , ' said one tweet . ` Candid pic of our wedding ceremony . There will be no vows . Only this , ' said another .
Though tying your hoodie to someone else 's is a bit weird and likely uncomfortable , it seems that people were more inspired by this couple 's ability to keep things light and have fun with each other as though they were kids .
The phenomenon of tying hoodies together does n't seem to have a particular name - and yet people certainly know what ` it ' is . Hopefully , for the sake of everyone involved , hoodies do n't go out of style any time soon .

@summary
A Twitter user called Allu , from Illinois , posted a picture of her sister Madison and brother-in-law Josh with the strings of their hoodies tied together

@summary
Though the trick appears completely bizarre to many , others quickly reacted , saying they had done the same thing with their friends or significant other

@summary
Others were shocked by the weirdness of the stunt , but appreciated the couple 's love for each other

