@title
Hairdresser accused of killing a cyclist is cleared by a jury in just 17 MINUTES after Britain 's first crowdfunded private prosecution was brought by bike safety campaigners

@body
A hairdresser accused of killing a cyclist when she knocked him off his bike walked free from court today after Britain 's first ever crowdfunded private prosecution failed .
Gail Purcell , 59 , was driving home from work when she collided with cyclist Michael Mason on London 's Regent Street in February 2014 .
Purcell insisted she did n't see the 70-year-old teacher and ` just heard an impact ' when she hit him from behind in her black Nissan Juke at around 6.25 pm .
Mr Mason suffered a fractured skull , broken ribs , and a broken ankle at the scene and was quickly rushed to St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington .
His life support machine was switched off three weeks later on 14 March after he fell into a permanent vegetative state .
Today , Purcell was cleared of single charge of causing death by careless driving following a four-day trial at the Old Bailey .
The jury deliberated for just 17 minutes before returning their verdict .
Purcell drove on for around 30 metres after the accident before pulling over and returning to the scene .
She told a witness : ` I 'm the driver . It was me . Is he okay ? I just did n't see him ' .
The first officers on the scene described her as appearing shaking and upset .
The case was funded by the Cyclists ' Defence Fund after The Metropolitan Police twice decided not to refer the case to the Crown Prosecution Service .
Mr Mason 's family , including his daughter BBC journalist Anna Tatton-Brown , decided to go ahead with a private prosecution and raised # 80,000 .
A Justgiving page was set up to raise money for the legal costs by charity Cycling UK 's Cyclists ' Defence Fund .
The CDF , a campaigning body that defends the rights of cyclists , was set up in 2001 by Cycling UK in response to the case of Darren Coombes , a nine-year-old cyclist who suffered brain damage from a collision with a motorist .
Purcell , of St Albans , Hertfordshire , denied and was cleared of causing death by careless driving .
Members of Mr Mason 's family , including Ms Tatton-Brown , showed no emotion as the verdict was announced .
The right to bring a private prosecution dates back to the earliest days of the legal system . Under UK law , anyone has the right to bring a private prosecution in front of the criminal courts.Cases have historically been rare due to the high costs involved in investigating and pursuing such cases .
Legal aid is not available for private prosecutions , meaning they have to be paid for by the alleged victim .
There are a number of organisations that regularly prosecute cases before the courts but do so as private individuals , using the right of any individual to bring a private prosecution . One example is the RSPCA .
According to CPS guidance , there is nothing wrong in allowing a private prosecution to run its course through to verdict and sentence .
There is no requirement for the CPS to take over a private prosecution . The fact that a private prosecution succeeds is not an indication that the case should have been prosecuted by the CPS , it says .
However , the Director of Public Prosecutions -LRB- DPP -RRB- has the power to take over private prosecutions and there will be times when the CPS will exercise this power .






@summary
Teacher collided with car on London 's Regent Street and later died in hospital

@summary
Police twice decided not to refer the case to the Crown Prosecution Service

@summary
Cycling campaigners used online funding page to mount private prosecution

@summary
But , following a week-long trial , defendent is cleared in 17 minutes by the jury

