@title
Gianluigi Donnarumma rocked AC Milan with contract bombshell ... but big transfer deals will continue their rise back to the top of Serie A

@body
` Troppo bello per essere vero ' is the Italian for ` too good to be true ' . AC Milan fans were enjoying the club 's most aggressive transfer campaign for years and savouring a return the big time . Then late Thursday afternoon came the bombshell .
Teenage goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma told chiefs that he wo n't renew his contract after 2018 . The club , desperate to make the 18-year-old their No 1 for the next twenty years , had offered him # 3.5 m per year .
` Gianluigi 's relationship with Milan will end on 30th June 2018 . We thought he was going to be the mainstay for the future . The decision has left a sour taste ... but Milan will go forward , ' said director Marco Fassone .
The new hierarchy must decide whether to cash in immediately on the stopper valued at # 42m-53m . Supporters are heartbroken . He was one of them , a fan . He left his home Castellammare di Stabia near Naples , to play for his heroes and made his league debut aged 16 against Sassuolo in October 2015 .
It 's such a comedown from the preceding weeks . New owners Rossoneri Sport Investment Lux and directors Fassone and Massimiliano Mirabelli started this month with a slew of eye-catching transfers .
Erstwhile director Adriano Galliani traditionally conducted business at the end of the summer transfer window due to financial restraints imposed by ex-owner Silvio Berlusconi . His sifted through cheap options and out of contract freebies .
Andre Silva - Porto -LRB- # 35m -RRB-
Mateo Musacchio - Villarreal -LRB- # 15m -RRB-
Ricardo Rodriguez - Wolfsburg -LRB- # 15m -RRB-
Franck Kessie - Atalanta -LRB- 2-year loan -RRB-
Galliani gave himself the nickname the Condor , in homage to the bird that picks on the remains of prey after the bigger predators have had their fill . He hustled in the unglamorous world of late August leftovers .
In glorious contrast , the new management have gone for the jugular . A lion has roared where the condor once foraged . AC Milan were kings of the jungle once more .
In the last two weeks the Rossoneri , who have n't won the league since 2011 or played in the Champions League since 2014 , have spent lavishly .
The Rossoneri were doing deals early because they are in the Europa League third qualifying round on July 27th . Others are biding their time , the seven-times European champions do n't have that luxury .
First came the durable , Argentine centre-back Mateo Musacchio . A # 15.8 m signing from Villarreal , the 26 year old is expected to form a formidable partnership with Alessio Romagnoli , dubbed the new Alessandro Nesta .
Franck Kessie , a revelation for Atalanta last season , signed a two-year loan worth an estimated # 25m . The Ivorian will add dynamism and drive to a slightly one-paced , mundane midfield .
Then at the end of last week it was Ricardo Rodriguez 's turn to pose in the red and black striped shirt . The effervescent , highly-thought of Swiss left-back cost # 15m from Wolfsburg . While his athleticism and vitality are indubitable , his defensive attributes could do with a polish .
Andre Silva took the headlines on Monday this week . The exhilarating Portuguese forward cost # 35m from Porto and should take the No 9 once worn by Marco van Basten and Filippo Inzaghi . Recently that jersey weighed heavily on Alessandro Matri and Fernando Torres .
` It 's been a while since Milan embarked on a transfer campaign like this . The closest was the first few years of Berlusconi 's reign in the mid-1980s when Roberto Donadoni and several others came in , followed later by Ruud Gullit , Marco van Basten and Frank Rijkaard , ' says Carlo Laudisa , Gazzetta dello Sport transfer guru for thirty years .
And they are n't finished . Speedy Atalanta full-back Andrea Conti tops the wishlist , alongside Lazio 's composed , intelligent skipper Lucas Biglia . The Argentine midfielder has agreed details with the Rossoneri , but the clubs are yet to find an agreement on his price .
New names are linked every day . Torino 's all-terrain , Alan Shearer-esque Andrea Belotti and powerhouse PSG midfielder Grzegorz Krychowiak are on the radar . Clever , elusive forward Nikola Kalinic of Fiorentina is another possible arrival .
The Europa League is n't the only reason for the June splurge . Carlo Laudisa adds : ` They know they absolutely have to finish in a Champions League spot this season . Everything is geared towards that . '
There will have to be outgoings to make space in a crowded dressing room . Midfielder Davide Bertolacci plus strikers Carlos Bacca and Gianluca Lapadula are expected to leave . Winger M'Baye Niang is likely to go to the Premier League permanently .
After half a decade of meagre activity and scrabbling around in the bargain bucket , Milan are finally purchasing players who excite their fans .
Donnarumma has burst the bubble , but the search is already on for his replacement . And much to fans ' joy , memories of the scavenging condor are long gone .
These days it 's ` shop til you drop ' , because , as Fassone says , Milan will keep moving forward .


@summary
Gianluigi Donnarumma decided not to extend his Milan contract beyond 2018

@summary
Milan had been hoping to make the goalkeeper their No 1 for the next 20 years

@summary
He is now set to leave the San Siro this summer , but the squad continues to grow

@summary
Transfers are moving fast with more big names expected to arrive before August

