@title
Knife-wielding Nevada boy , 14 , who suffered a stroke after being shot by school cop speaks out for first time as family question why officer did n't use a Taser

@body
The teenage boy who was shot in a Nevada high school after he brought in a pair of knives has spoken publicly for the first time .
Logan Clark , 14 , was filmed waving around the knives at Hug High School on December 7 before being felled by a single shot to the chest by a school cop .
While being operated on after the shooting he suffered a stroke that makes it hard for him to speak and forces him to wear a helmet for protection .
And he says he can never go back to school . ` No , ' he told CBS News , ` Not there . '
Scroll down for video
Logan had brought the knives to school after suffering sustained bullying , his parents said .
A week after his shooting , his father , Justin Clark told Today : ` My son was n't just some knife-wielding psychopath . It felt like he wanted to make sure he was n't beat up and robbed . '
He also claimed in a Facebook post after the shooting that the school knew Nathan was ` going to be jumped ' but did nothing .
When asked by CBS News whether he felt like he needed the knives to be safe at school , Logan simply replied ` Yeah . '
When asked whether that was the answer to bullying , Clark 's grandmother , Nancy Pitchford said : ` It 's not the answer . But to a 14-year-old kid , I guess it is the ... you know , not to hurt anybody with the knives , but just to get them off of you . '
Meanwhile , his mom , Cheryl Pitchford demanded to know why the school officer shot her son .
` Why not use a Taser ? ... Why not shoot him in the foot ? ' she asked . ` And having other kids standing around behind Logan -LSB- the cop -RSB- could 've struck another kid . '
Logan suffered a stroke while having a section of his lung surgically removed in a Reno hospital .
A photograph of him after the shooting shows him in hospital with a shaved head , unconscious and on a ventilator .
Exactly seven days after her son was hospitalized , Cheryl and around 100 others marched on Washoe County School District headquarters to deliver a petition .
They demanded that school officers be equipped with nonlethal weapons such as pepper spray or Tasers .
The officer , who has not been named , claims that Logan acknowledged and ignored his demands that he stop waving the blades around before he fired .
Logan 's lawyer disputes that , saying he does n't think the boy would have been able to hear him shouting .
Police are now conducting two separate investigations - one into Logan , one into the officer - to see whether charges should be brought against either party .
Nancy says that her grandson has already suffered enough .
` That you know being shot and almost dying , that would be kind of like punishment enough , ' she said .

@summary
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT

@summary
Logan Clark , 14 , was shot in December after brandishing knives at his school

@summary
He suffered a stroke while being operated on and now has to wear a helmet

@summary
Teen said he had knives to fend off bullies , and can never go back to school

@summary
His mom asked why the police were n't able to use a Taser or pepper spray

@summary
Police could press charges against either Logan or the cop , or both

