@title
Jet-set love story : Couple who decided to take off on a years-long round-the-world trip together just DAYS after meeting reveal how they saved up $ 50,000 to fund the adventure

@body
One young American couple is living the dream , traveling nonstop around the world -- and all without trust funds .
Natasha Alden , 27 , and Cameron Seagle , 26 -- from Lansing , Michigan , and Charlotte , North Carolina , respectively -- have been doing their jet-set thing for about three-and-a-half years now , trotting around the globe on savings and some extra cash from freelancing .
And the wonder is n't just that they 've made their trip work financially . They 've also happily stuck together despite meeting just days before deciding to travel together .
Natasha had been planing her big extended getaway for a while , having caught the travel bug while studying abroad in Australia . She saved up through part-time jobs , and sold her car for some extra cash right before she left .
Something else happened right before she left that would change the course of her trip -- she met Cameron the night before college graduation .
With Natasha due to leave not long after their first meeting , the pair jointly decided , on a whim , that Cameron would come and join her on her travels , so he booked a flight to meet her in Norway a few months into her trip .
Cameron had some savings , too , from summer jobs , and also counted on his former airline employee dad to score him some free flights .
Their parents were both on board , in fact -- and Natasha 's were especially happy she 'd found someone to travel with .
After two months of traveling together -- following just two real-life dates back in the US -- Cameron flew home to finish up his senior year . But six months later he was back out traveling with Natasha again , meeting up with her in Southeast Asia .
Eventually , their savings ran out , and the spontaneous couple shacked up in a small , inexpensive apartment in the Bronx in New York City . There , they took two jobs each to save up in order to hit the road again , foregoing things like eating out to fund their next trip .
` It was n't hard , at least not for me , ' Natasha told Stuff.co.nz . ' I had this goal : I knew if I lived below my means now , I could experience what I wanted later . '
After a year , they 'd jointly saved $ 50,000 and were ready to take off . They each booked a one-way ticket to Riga , Latvia for $ 240 each .
Since they started , the couple has hit about 50 countries , including Lithuania , Poland , Cyprus , Turkey , Italy , Morocco , Slovenia , Serbia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Croatia , Greece , Zimbabwe , Zambia , South Africa , and the Seychelles .
Photos they share on social media and their website , The World Pursuit , show them enjoying the whitewashed buildings of Santorini , hiking Nosal Mountain in Poland , relaxing at Turkish baths in Istanbul , having a romantic night out in Italy , and riding camels in the Sahara Desert .
In 2016 alone , they meditated in Morocco , took a gondola ride in Venice , snapped colorful buildings in Slovenia , hiked in Serbia , went paragliding over Albania and Macedonia , enjoyed nature in Croatia , and spotted giraffes and Zebras in South Africa .
They try not to spend more than $ 40 each every day , which they say is n't hard if they eat cheap and stay in Airbnb housing . They also make a little extra cash through freelance writing and photography .
The whole thing has been a blast . Natasha and Cameron told Daily Mail Online that one of their favorite memories was from a recent ocean safari they went on in Mozambique .

` We spent a day swimming with over a dozen whale sharks , giant manta rays , a hammerhead shark , ' they say . Then finished the day with prawn curry drinking coconut waters as we watched hundreds of southern Right whales breaching just a few hundred meters off shore all while the sunset . It was a perfect day . '
Though traveling together can test even the longest relationships , the couple said they think their jet-setting has made their love stronger .
` It is incredibly difficult at times , spending 24/7 with each other in some very stressful situations , ' they admitted . ` Driving across Africa has been our greatest test so far with hectic border crossings , bribes , long days , and horrendous roads . '
And while they 've had the opportunity to meet lots of people from all over , forming long-term friendships is hard . The couple admitted to a few other downsides as well .
` It 's very difficult to keep a routine since days can vary so wildly , ' they said . But at the same time , ` nothing ever becomes routine or monotonous . We live lives in which we are always seeing new and incredible things . It challenges our perceptions of the world and we both feel we continue to grow as people . '
One of their worst experiences actually turned out to be one of their best stories . They remember one night in Koh Rong , and island in Cambodia where they spend NYE , that turned out to be a disaster .
` Everyone was excited to celebrate their holiday there . However , bad ice was brought on to the island and about half the island ended up with severe food poisoning , ' they recalled . ` The bathrooms in all the guesthouses became a mess , people were passing out from dehydration , and the one ferry of the island broke down . '
Though they 've already traveled more than most people do in a lifetime , there are still plenty of places they would like to go . Natasha dreams of experiencing Sri Lanka , while Cameron would like to see Japan -- somewhere Natasha has already been .
In fact , they are thinking of settling in Japan for a bit as a sort of travel base , where they can also grow their travel website and plan opening a hotel somewhere . For now , though , just enjoying the ride
` We 're currently driving our truck we purchased in Cape Town across Africa . It has been incredibly difficult and extremely rewarding , ' they said .

@summary
Natasha Alden , 27 , and Cameron Seagle , 26 , met the night before Natasha graduated from college and was about to leave on a long-term trip

@summary
They had both saved money from after-school and summer jobs and met in Norway to travel together

@summary
After about a year , they moved to New York City where they scrimped to save $ 50,000 to fund future travel

@summary
They have been to Lithuania , Poland , Cyprus , Turkey , Italy , Morocco , Slovenia , Serbia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Croatia , Greece , and much of Africa

