@title
Tottenham squad will struggle in the Champions League because they are ` too young ' , claims William Gallas

@body
Tottenham are facing another season of disappointment in the Champions League because their squad is too young and inexperienced for the rigours of top-level football , says William Gallas .
Spurs will go straight into the group phase after their second-place finish in the Premier League with Harry Kane and Dele Alli hoping to make a big impact in Europe 's premiere competition .
They will be looking for a significant improvement on their performance last season in which they crashed back into the familiar surroundings of Europa League football after disappointing results against Bayer Leverkusen and Monaco .
But while Mauricio Pochettino 's men would have learnt plenty from that unpleasant campaign , Gallas suggested the youthful squad is heading for the same fate in the upcoming campaign .
` It was a big shame what happened to them last season , but this Tottenham squad is a little too young for the Champions League , ' he said in quotes reported by the Daily Star .
` Against Monaco and Bayer Leverkusen in the group games , it showed that they needed more experience .
` The Champions League is different to the Premier League . You need experience , you need to be more clever and stay focused . If you compare our squad back then with now , we had many older and more experienced players .
` Hopefully , they will have learned from last season 's experience - and be better for it . '
Gallas was part of the Harry Redknapp squad that progressed all the way to the quarter-final stage six years ago as a team filled with the talents such as Gareth Bale , Luka Modric and Rafael van der Vaart stunned AC Milan in the second round .
Then , White Hart Lane had been a fortress for Tottenham whereas next season they must play in the unfamiliar surroundings of Wembley Stadium as their home is torn down and replaced .

@summary
Tottenham news : All the latest from White Hart Lane

@summary
William Gallas predicts another unsuccessful season for Tottenham in Europe

@summary
Spurs crashed out of the Champions League group stages last season

@summary
He says the Tottenham squad is too inexperienced for the Champions League

