@title
The VERY simple ingredient swaps that will make your meals instantly healthier , from grated apple instead of sugar to fresh fruit in place of juice

@body
With the memory of Easter already fading fast , for many dieters it 's time to finish off the chocolate eggs and start eating healthily again .
But one nutritionist says you do n't need to make drastic changes to your diet in order to drastically improve your health .
Amy Morris has revealed the very easy ingredient swaps you can make to your meals that will instantly help you improve your diet without you even noticing .
From using grated apple instead of sugar to swapping a glass of fruit juice for a piece of fresh fruit , these are the very easy changes she recommends you make to your meals to become healthier .
SUGAR FOR GRATED APPLE
Sugar is being given an increasingly hard time over the last few years , and rightfully so .
It is found in many ready-made dishes and is linked to dozens of health problems . So instead of topping your cereal or porridge with sugar , try grating a fresh apple and mixing this in instead .
Or if apple is not your thing , top with freshly sliced organic strawberries for a natural sweet fix that will be kinder to your blood sugar levels -LRB- and mood -RRB- because of the fibre it contains .

FRUIT JUICE FOR FRESH FRUIT
No matter how much fruit juice you consume in a day , it all still counts as only one portion of your five a day .
But what 's more worrying is that the more you have , the more you could be damaging your teeth 's protective enamel from all the acidity .
A great alternative is consuming fresh fruit instead . It 's not only be kinder to your teeth , but is also richer in nutrients than fruit juice , which has often lost a lot of its goodness , due to pasteurization and other processing techniques .
BUTTER FOR COCONUT OIL
Conventionally reared dairy cows are sometimes given drugs , vaccines , and antibiotics , and these drugs can end up in their products in varying amounts , including butter , if they are not reared organically .
It is my belief that these chemicals can cause a hormonal imbalance , as well as upset the health of our delicate gut microbiome .
I advise swapping butter for an organically grown coconut oil which is free of all of the above .
STARCHY CARBS FOR WHOLEGRAINS
Banishing refined carbohydrates , such as white bread and pasta and swapping them for wholegrain or multi-seed options might give you the health boost you need .
Not only do unrefined , wholemeal carbohydrates offer slow-releasing energy , rather than the initial spike in energy levels you get from starchy carbs , they will also help you feel fuller for longer , keep blood sugar levels steady and banish sweet cravings . Some great options include quinoa , rye bread or spelt .
COFFEE FOR MATCHA GREEN TEA
Matcha will still give you a caffeine fix , which can help to energise and improve concentration .
But unlike your normal morning coffee , matcha will also give you a good dose of antioxidants that are known for helping to protect cells and DNA from damage .
Matcha can also eliminate the negative effects of caffeine such as jitteriness .


@summary
Nutritionist Amy Morris has come up with five very easy and healthy food swaps

@summary
She says grated apple is a more natural and healthier sweetener than sugar

@summary
She also advises swapping butter for organic coconut oil as it 's kinder on the gut

