@title
England rocked by George Kruis blow as Saracens lock faces missing Six Nations due to knee injury

@body

George Kruis will see a specialist on Thursday to assess knee ligament damage , amid fears that he could miss the entire RBS Six Nations .
The England lock had been on course to resume his role at the heart of the pack after overcoming a broken cheekbone in time to be available to face France at Twickenham in the opener on Saturday .
However , he was injured during an intensive training session on Tuesday and it appears the problem could be serious .
Saracens player Kruis , a stalwart of last year 's Grand Slam and summer whitewash of Australia , spent time with the England medical staff on Wednesday and will be assessed by a specialist on Thursday .
For now , England are retaining a faint hope , with head coach Eddie Jones saying : ` We 'll have to wait and see what the specialist 's prognosis is , but we 're not ruling him out of the Six Nations at this stage . '
At the very least Kruis , 26 , will miss the France game and is almost certainly out of contention for the clash with Wales in Cardiff a week later . His further involvement is now in considerable doubt .
This latest injury setback caused an 11th-hour disruption to England 's plans , while Jack Nowell 's absence from training earlier in the week raised the possibility of Elliot Daly earning a start on the wing .
Brown ; May , Joseph , Farrell , Nowell/Daly ; Ford , Youngs ; Marler , Hartley -LRB- capt -RRB- , Cole ; Lawes , Launchbury ; Itoje , Hughes , Wood .
Jones will name his side on Thursday morning for the showdown with France and Joe Marler is destined to reclaim his place in the starting XV , having made a remarkably quick recovery from a lower-leg fracture .
The availability of the Harlequins prop is a boost for the coaches , in the absence of Mako Vunipola , as is the return of James Haskell to the match-day 23 . The Wasps flanker is set for a bench role , having played less than an hour of rugby since toe surgery last summer .
He is not concerned about being ready for national service though , saying : ` I 'm confident I am fine , so are the coaches here .
` I have had six months of training , fitness and rehabilitation . The way we train here is super-intense . Yesterday 's session was like an 80-minute game , so I feel pretty prepared to do myself justice and to do the team justice . I would not play if I did n't think I could . I feel really good . I feel pretty excited . '















@summary
Kruis has been ruled out of the Six Nations opener against France on Saturday

@summary
The 26-year-old Saracens forward suffered the injury in training on Tuesday

@summary
He will see a specialist on Thursday to discover the extent of the knee injury

