@title
Executioner who put 62 men to their death CONDEMNS Arkansas for trying to execute eight men in two weeks before the state 's lethal injection drug passes its use-by date

@body
A former executioner who is now a vocal opponent of the death penalty spoke out against Arkansas ' plan to execute eight men in two weeks - which unraveled on Saturday under a federal judge 's ruling .
Jerry Givens , who put 62 men to death over the course of his 17-year career at the Virginia State Penitentiary in Richmond said : ` They are playing Russian roulette with these guys ' lives . '
Eight men were scheduled to die before the state 's supply of midazolam - a drug used in lethal injections - expired at the end of April .
But one convict was granted a reprieve and another execution was blocked through an emergency stay before U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker issued a preliminary injunction on Saturday to halt the lethal injections set to begin on Monday .
The decision to fast track the executions before the sedative midazolam was unusable drew condemnation from hundreds of death penalty opponents .
Givens , whose belief in the justice system was shaken when he came within hours of putting an innocent man to death in 1985 , has become an outspoken critic of the death penalty .

He told the Mirror : ` They are playing Russian roulette with these guys ' lives . The expiration date should not be the reason why they are doing this .
` Get more of the drugs . Do it properly rather than move people 's dates up . They are using it as an excuse . It should not be happening .
` No matter what crime these men have committed , they should not be sentenced to death in prison . '
The Supreme Court upheld the use of midazolam in lethal injections - a controversial decision in 2013 , given it was part of a cocktail of drugs that had led to botched executions .
Oklahoma made headlines for ` inhumane execution practices ' for the 43-minute killing of inmate Clayton Lockett in April 2014 .
He writhed and moaned in the gurney , suffering a heart attack when the injection of midazolam , vecuronium bromide , and potassium chloride failed to kill him swiftly .
Givens explained the difference between an electric chair and lethal injections in a 2013 interview with the Guardian , saying the former seemed more humane .
He said : ` If I had a choice , I would choose death by electrocution . That 's more like cutting your lights off and on . It 's a button you push once and then the machine runs by itself ...
` You ca n't see the current go through the body . But with chemicals , it takes a while because you 're dealing with three separate chemicals ...
` You are on the other end with a needle in your hand . You can see the reaction of the body . You can see it going down the clear tube . So you can actually see the chemical going down the line and into the arm and see the effects of it .
` You are more attached to it . I know because I have done it . Death by electrocution in some ways seems more humane . '
Arkansas ' already compromised plan to execute eight men by the end of the month began unraveling on Friday .
Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen issued a temporary restraining order blocking the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide after a company said it had sold the drug to the state for medical purposes , not capital punishment .
Griffen scheduled a hearing Tuesday , the day after the first execution was scheduled .
Griffen 's order effectively halts the executions , which had dropped to six after one judge granted a reprieve , while another issued an emergency stay .
On Saturday , Baker granted a preliminary injunction requested by the inmates to block the executions , saying they could have legitimate claims that Arkansas ' execution protocol could inflict ` severe pain ' .
The state has already appealed the decision .

@summary
Jerry Givens put 62 men to death over the course of his 17-year career

@summary
He criticized the state of Arkansas for fast tracking eight executions before their supply of the lethal injections drug midazolam runs out at the end of April

@summary
The drug is part of a cocktail used in botched lethal injections in the past

@summary
Givens also explained the difference between the electric chair and lethal injections , saying he would choose the former because it seemed more humane

@summary
On Saturday , US District Judge Kristine Baker issued a preliminary injunction on Saturday to halt the lethal injections set to begin on Monday

