@title
Syrian state media claims stray missiles from Trump 's strikes on airbase killed four children in a ` blatant act of aggression '

@body
The Syrian government is claiming that Thursday 's US airstrikes on an airbase killed four children .
The Syrian Arab News Agency , which is monitored by President Assad 's Ministry of Information , claims that nine civilians were killed even though the Shayrat airbase was attacked at 3.45 am local time .
The publicly-owned organisation said that two stray missiles killed and wounded civilians a few miles away .
One stray killed five including three children and another killed four including one child , it said .

Its report claims : ` The United States of America committed a blatant act of aggression ' .
But the US said that only one of its missiles did not hit its target . There has been no independent verification of the claim that civilians were killed .
The Sana news agency is effectively a mouthpiece for Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad , promoting his activities , denying any breaches of international law by his forces and attacking his enemies .
Assad 's office said : ` What America did is nothing but foolish and irresponsible behaviour , which only reveals its short-sightedness and political and military blindness to reality . '
Today Russian officials denied there were chemical weapons at the airfield .
Spokesman Igor Konashenkov said : ` After 24 hours after the US Navy warships launched a massive strike by cruise missile on the Sha'irat -LSB- airfield in Syria -RSB- , neither the Pentagon , nor the US State Department have presented proof of the presence of chemical weapons there . '
Media representatives who visited the base as well have n't found any chemical weapons there , Maj. Gen. Konashenkov added .
` The airfield was visited by dozens of mass media representatives , by the local administration , firefighters , police , not to mention Syrian servicemen . Neither depots , nor ammunition containing chemical weapons have been found at the Sha'irat -LSB- airbase -RSB- . Everyone who has been at the airfield do n't wear gas masks and feel absolutely well . '
Satellite photos of the attack show a considerable distance between the base 's perimeter and the nearest built-up area .
The US said that only one of its missiles failed to land on-target after being launched by the USS Ross and USS Porter , although Russians released their own counter-claims , saying that only 23 of the 59 rockets hit the base .

But the photos released by the Department of Defense suggest that that the missiles - at least , the ones involved in the damage seen in the satellite images - were closely clustered around the aircraft hangars .
The missiles were launched from US destroyers 150 miles away in the Mediterranean Sea in response to Assad 's Sarin gas attack in Idlib on Tuesday , which killed 80 civilians , including children .
President Donald Trump justified the airstrike by talking of ` beautiful babies cruelly murdered ' in the chemical attack blamed on the Syrian regime .



@summary
On Thursday US hit al-Shayrat airbase with 59 cruise missiles after a gas attack

@summary
Syrian state media is claiming that nine civilians and four children were killed

@summary
It claims that two stray missiles killed people about three miles from target

@summary
But US said that only one of its missiles failed to land on-target in the attack

