@title
Smell you later ! Meerkats use scents stored in a special pouch under their tail to mark their territory and even show what gang they belong to

@body
Meerkats leave scents on plants , rocks and even other meerkats to mark their territory .
The sociable , group-living animals produce a paste in a pouch beneath their tails that they they smear on places and other meerkats .
The paste produces a scent that indicates if it belongs to a relative , rival or potential mate .
Scroll down for video
According to a study conducted by Duke University researchers , the chemical signal in the meerkats ' paste are made not by the meerkats themselves , but by odor-producing bacteria that multiply in their gooey secretions .
To find out where the odors from meerkat paste come from , researchers based at Duke University swabbed the scent pouches of 37 wild meerkats living in grassy dunes of the Kuruman River Reserve in South Africa 's Kalahari Desert .
The researchers then identified the types of bacteria present in this paste by analyzing their gene sequences .
They also analyzed the mixtures of chemicals that give the paste its musky odor using a technique called gas chromatography-mass spectrometry .
Gas chromatography mass spectrometry is a technique by which complex mixtures of chemicals may be separated , identified and quantified .
The researchers found more than 1,000 different types of bacteria living in the meerkat paste , and 220 volatile compounds including carboxylic acids - compounds that occur widely in nature and that are known for their foul odors , for example butanoic acid , which is the main ingredient in stale perspiration .
Many different animals give off distinctive scents that help them distinguish each other and find and choose maters , said Dr Christine Drea , professor of evolutionary Anthropology at Duke University and and co-author of the study .
` The question is : how did they get it ? ' Dr Drea said .
Are their unique body odors genetically inherited , picked up from the environment , or do they come from somewhere else ?
To answer this question , Dr Drea and lead author Dr Sarah Leclaire and colleagues swabbed the scent pouches of 37 wild meerkats living in grassy dunes of the Kuruman River Reserve in South Africa 's Kalahari Desert .
The researchers then identified the types of bacteria present in this paste by analyzing their gene sequences .
They also analyzed the mixtures of chemicals that give the paste its musky odor using a technique called gas chromatography-mass spectrometry .
While meerkat scent marks are too subtle for most humans to see or smell , they 're actually teeming with life in the from bacteria , said Dr LeClaire , a research associate at the National Center for the Scientific Research in Toulouse , France .
The researchers found more than 1,000 different types of bacteria living in the meerkat paste , and 220 volatile compounds including alcohols , aldehydes and carboxylic acids - compounds that occur widely in nature and that are known for their foul odors , for example butanoic acid , which is the main ingredient in stale perspiration .
Individual meerkats with similar microbial communities also had similar odor profiles , particularly between males .
` The odor bouquet is n't because of shared genes , but because they share bacteria , ' Drea said .
This suggests that meerkats ' sex and group-specific scents are as a result of bacteria feeding on secretions in the warm , moist inner folds of the animals ' anal pouches .
This feeding results in the release of byproduct , odorous chemicals that are used for communication between meerkats .
The researchers also found that members of the same group or sex could be passing odor-causing microbes back and forth between each other when they rub their anal glands on the same surfaces , or during grooming and other instances of contact .
The meerkat 's mechanism of producing odorous chemicals is called the fermentation hypothesis - where bacteria living in an animal 's scent glands metabolize the gland 's primary products into odorous compounds used by the host to communicate with others of their species .

Even though this hypothesis was first proposed decades ago , determining which types of bacteria the animals have was difficult because so many of the world 's bacterial species have n't been described as yet , and only a few of them can be isolated and grown in a lab .
However , next-generation technologies for gene sequencing have now made it possible to analyze microbial communities that are difficult to analyze by other methods .
Meerkats are n't the only animals to use bacteria to communicate : Hyenas , badgers , bats , elephants and even humans do too .
` Virtually all of the tell-tale odors in human armpits come from bacteria , ' Dr Drea said .
These bacteria do n't just make us stink - the odors they give off help us distinguish kin from strangers , and choose among potential mates .
Animals evolved surrounded by microbes , and although they 're often viewed as harmful and illness-causing , the bacteria that live on animals ' skin , scales , feathers , fur as well as in their guts and scent glands , ` are also performing services that are beneficial , ' Dr Drea said .
` They 're not just helping then make vitamins and digest food , they 're also responsible for a significant portion of the chemicals animals use to communicate , ' she said .


@summary
They leave scents on plants , rocks and other meerkats to mark their territory

@summary
The scent comes from a paste they produce in a pouch beneath their tails

@summary
The scent produced indicates if it belongs to a relative , rival or potential mate

@summary
More than 1,000 different types of odor-producing bacteria live in the paste

@summary
Members of the same group could be passing microbes between each other when they rub their anal glands on the same surfaces or during grooming

