@title
Johnny Sexton wo n't be rushed back into Ireland side after injury for Six Nations clash with Italy : ` He 'd play today if we let him but we have to monitor his recovery '

@body
Ireland could still hold Johnny Sexton back from facing Italy despite their talismanic fly-half nearing full fitness for Saturday 's RBS Six Nations clash .
Sexton was sidelined with calf trouble for the 27-22 loss in Scotland that leaves Ireland chasing four victories to stand a chance of contesting the 2017 crown .
Team manager Paul Dean admitted Ireland bosses could yet put the brakes on the 31-year-old 's return this week , even though Sexton is itching to return .
Munster 's Ian Keatley has remained with Ireland as cover , while Dean confirmed influential centre Jared Payne should miss the entire tournament with his kidney problem .
` Johnny is continuing his rehab and his progress will be monitored across the week , but he 's back running which is very positive , ' said Dean .
` As you well know , Johnny would play today if we 'd let him but we have to monitor his recovery and make sure he 's fine . '
Sexton exacerbated a minor calf issue in Leinster 's 24-24 Champions Cup draw at Castres on January 20 , and then failed to beat the issue in time for last weekend 's Scotland trip .
Now Ireland appear ready to take no chances whatsoever with their linchpin playmaker 's fitness , eyeing the Dublin clash with France on February 25 as his more likely return .
Peter O'Mahony missed the Scotland defeat with hamstring trouble and is another who remains in the balance to be ready for Saturday 's trip to Rome .
When quizzed on the realistic likelihood of Sexton and O'Mahony facing Italy , Dean continued : ` It 's hard to tell , but we have to manage them and make sure .
Sat Feb 11 -LRB- 2.25 pm -RRB- : Italy vs Ireland
Sat Feb 11 -LRB- 4.50 pm -RRB- : Wales vs England
Sun Feb 12 -LRB- 3pm -RRB- : France vs Scotland
* All times GMT
` They 'd both play tomorrow , they 'd play today . But we just have to make sure that they are ready . '
Prop Tadhg Furlong is expected to be fit to face Italy despite a ` bruised shoulder ' , while Donnacha Ryan and Finlay Bealham are both back in full training .
Wings Andrew Trimble and Andrew Conway are both expected to overcome groin injuries to be available to face Conor O'Shea 's men at the Stadio Olimpico .
Dean could only reply ` not at this stage ' when asked whether Ulster 's Payne would take any part in the tournament .
For so long the defensive glue in Ireland 's backline , the Kiwi-born centre would certainly shore up the issues that beset Joe Schmidt 's side in the Scotland loss .
The 31-year-old suffered a serious kidney problem in Ireland 's autumn series however , and has remained sidelined since .
Ireland continue to maintain they can still win the Six Nations , but centre Robbie Henshaw has admitted the Scotland defeat ramps up the pressure .
Leinster star Henshaw believes Ireland will now feel the pinch of needing four straight wins to stand any chance of silverware .
' I think there is a confidence that this team can still win the championship , ' said Henshaw .
` What this team did last year and in November , it 's incredible , it 's an incredible group , so I think if we get ourselves together we can go on and contest for a championship .
` The fact we ca n't afford to slip up , that applies a lot more pressure . We have to go out and win every game , and obviously chase the bonus point if it 's there .
` So it applies a lot more pressure to the squad . The squad might not be used to that , but hopefully it can only help us perform and get the bets out of us as a group . '

@summary
Ireland entertain Italy in the second round of Six Nations games on Saturday

@summary
Fly-half Johnny Sexton is set to be available for the Irish after a calf injury

@summary
But team manager Paul Dean has stressed there is no hurry for Sexton to start

