@title
Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman 's wife on the day of Trump 's speech in embarrassing security breach

@body
A rogue woman lived like a Washington elite for a day by using counterfeit credentials to impersonate a congressman 's wife during a Republican retreat in which President Donald Trump spoke .
The anonymous woman snuck into the GOP Retreat in Philadelphia on January 26 where President Trump , Vice President Mike Pence and British Prime Minister Theresa May met with lawmakers .
The shocking security breach was announced by the president of the Congressional Institute , Mark Strand according to CNN .
During the Congress of Tomorrow Republican Member Retreat , thousands of protesters gathered outside the Loews Hotel .
Scroll down for video
Since she was masquerading as a spouse , the trespasser would not have been invited to policy sessions . It is not known if she weaseled her way in anyway .
But she may have had the chance to have lunch with President Trump or meet with Vice President Pence .
Strand said in a letter : ` The Congressional Institute is continuing to investigate this breach in order to fully understand how it happened and to ensure it does not happen again . '
The woman may have responsible for the leaking of a private meeting about GOP members discussing stripping down the Affordable Care Act .
People in the sessions were reportedly concerned about the market in response to the fallout from dismantling the health policy .
The audio , obtained by the Washington Post , features members of the GOP questioning how to replace the Affordable Care Act without disrupting the health insurance market or increasing the financial burden on middle-class families .
Some warned against settling for a ` quick fix ' and worried about having to carry the new law 's legacy . ` That 's going to be called Trumpcare . Republicans will own that lock , stock and barrel , ' Representative Tom McClintock said .
One senator also told his fellow GOP lawmakers they should not use the new healthcare law to defund Planned Parenthood , warning it would amount to ` walking into a gigantic political trap ' .
The recording , sent from an anonymous email address , came from a closed-door meeting during this week 's Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia . All lawmakers quoted by the Washington Post confirmed their remarks to the newspaper either themselves or through their offices .


Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , Republican Representative from Washington and the chair of the House GOP conference that hosts the event , told CNN in a statement , ` leaks from internal member discussions are unacceptable . '
She continued by saying the Congressional Institute is working with Capitol Police to find the culprit .
Members of Capitol Police were in the room to make sure press did not roam where they were not welcome . A small group was escorted by security to listen to Trump 's speeches .

@summary
A woman went past security at a Republican retreat in Philadelphia on Thursday

@summary
She lied by saying she was a congressman 's wife to gain access to the event where President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke

@summary
An anonymous person leaked audio of one of the sessions about healthcare cuts

@summary
Speculation has arisen the woman may be responsible for the leak

@summary
Thousands of protesters gathered outside the Loews Hotel at the time of the security breach

