@title
James White enjoys day at Disney World after Super Bowl but reveals he LOST game-winning football - and he wo n't be getting a car this year

@body
James White celebrated the New England Patriots historic Super Bowl win by heading straight from Houston , Texas to the happiest place on Earth - Disney World .
The 25-year-old running back and his girlfriend , Diana Civitello , boarded a private plane first thing Monday morning to fly to Orlando where White was celebrated by thousands who lined the streets at Disney for the annual post-Super Bowl parade .
It was a fittingly magical trip for White , who scored a record-breaking 20 points on Sunday night in the Patriots defeat of the Atlanta Falcons .
Scroll down for video
White 's performance was so impressive that quarterback Tom Brady announced he would be handing over the car he won as Super Bowl MVP to White this year , much like he did back in 2015 with Patriots cornerback Malcolm Butler .
The only problem is that there is no car for the Super Bowl MVP this year .
' I think James White deserves it . It 'd be nice for him , ' Brady said of the Super Bowl MVP honor , which he won on Sunday for a record fourth time .
He then went on to describe what an important part of the team White has been this entire season , and how fitting it was that he played the best game of his career on the sport 's biggest stage .
` White is like my oldest son , ' said Brady .
` He just does everything right and you can never get mad at him because even if he does n't make the play , he feels worse about it than you do , you know ?
` He 's just the best teammate . He 's an incredible player . '
Brady later added : ` I 'm so proud of him and everything he 's accomplished . I 've seen him grow from a rookie to working his tail off to become a big factor in all these games . '
White meanwhile had two big reasons to celebrate this week , as in addition to his Super Bowl win it was also his birthday last Friday .
It was not all good news for White though , as he revealed at the parade on Tuesday in Boston that he lost the game-winning football from Sunday .
' I left it on the ground and started running , ' he told Dan Patrick .
' I was n't thinking in that moment . '


@summary
James White went to Disney World on Monday after the New England Patriots Super Bowl win

@summary
He brought along his girlfriend Diana Civitello

@summary
White , 25 , revealed on Tuesday that he lost the game-winning football on Sunday night

@summary
Tom Brady said he was so proud of White he would give him his MVP car like he did with Malcolm Butler in 2015

@summary
There was no car this year however given to the Super Bowl MVP

