@title
Revealed : The seven modern-day wealth tribes - including The Tech Set and The Charlies - so which one do YOU fall into ?

@body
The 1980s had the ` yuppies ' and the ` nouveau riche ' , the 1990s had the ` Mondeo man ' and the 2000s had the ` chav ' .
Each decade has its cultural stereotypes and according to new research , there are now seven modern day wealth tribes in Britain .
Channel 5 has commissioned The Economist to conduct research into Britain 's wealth divide and they created categories of people that describe 21st-century Britain - so which one do you fall into ?
The seven categories show that while some people are doing very well for themselves , others have not seen much pay growth in recent years .
The research , commissioned to tie in with Channel 5 show Rich House Poor House , reveals how austerity has been tough for some groups and that the British economy is tilting in favour of old over young people
Silver Spenders : People over the age of 65 who are thriving . Researchers estimate that there are 1.5 m silver spenders , with an average household disposable income of # 45,000 , well above the overall British average of # 34,000 .
This category encapsulates how old people in Britain have in recent years done much better than young ones . One of the biggest trends in recent years is that pensioners ' incomes have grown much faster than people of working age .
The result is that pensioners have generally seen their living standards rise much faster than working-age households .
The Zero Heroes : Those stuck on zero-hours contracts , making them feel insecure at work . Researchers estimate that there are nearly 1m zero heroes , with an average hourly salary of # 8.50 , well below the British average of # 12 .
In the minds of many Britons , the plight of zero-hour contractors is encapsulated by the idea that someone who has worked hard at school still can not find a secure job .
Zero heroes might work in industries like the creative arts ; it is common for advertising firms , for instance , to offer zero-hours contracts . They are also common in the hospitality sector in particular , which needs to respond rapidly to fluctuations in demand .
The zero heroes do not earn very much . Based on estimates from the Office for National Statistics , it is estimated that the average zero-hours worker earns roughly 30 per cent less than the average employee .
The Static Civvies : Public-sector workers who have experienced a six-year-long pay squeeze . Britain probably has 1m static civvies , and though they earn more than the national average they are feeling the pinch : they have n't had a big pay rise in quite a while .
Silver Spenders
The Zero Heroes
The Static Civvies
The Hawdies -LRB- Heads-Above-Water -RRB-
The Stucks -LRB- Struggling Urban Creatives -RRB-
The Tech Set
The Charlies -LRB- Corporate , High earning Asset Rich and Luxury living -RRB-

Particularly in more rural parts of the country , the richest people in the local area are often those who work for the public sector . In parts of the Scottish Highlands , for instance , almost the only people on six-figure salaries are public-sector workers . They are pillars of the community , spending plenty of money locally . But in recent months , these people have not fared particularly well .
The Hawdies -LRB- Heads-Above-Water -RRB- : Families who have not seen a pay rise in a while and have little or no savings . There are probably around 2.5 m heads-above-water families , comprising 4m people . Their average income is around # 27,000 per year .
This category describes families who are just-about-managing and struggling to get by . They are not Britain 's very poorest people ; instead , they get most of their income from working in a job -LRB- not from means-tested benefits -RRB- .
However , they hardly feel secure . If some unexpected charge came up - say , if their boiler stopped working or the car broke down - they might struggle to pay for it .
The Stucks -LRB- Struggling Urban Creatives -RRB- : Educated folk , working in the London-based creative industries , who are getting by but who will never afford a house . Researchers estimate that there are 350,000 of these people . They have a low average salary but they do interesting work .
They are well educated , and they are in jobs which are fairly prestigious - they work for publishers , or in the media , or in public relations . But they do not feel particularly prosperous . Most importantly for them , they struggle to get on the housing ladder .
The Tech Set : These are the people working in Britain 's thriving tech sector . Their jobs barely existed a decade ago ; these are the vloggers , the programmers and the technicians behind companies such as Snapchat and Facebook . Experts estimate that their average salary is # 44,000 per year , well above the British average of # 23,000 .
The Charlies -LRB- Corporate , High earning Asset Rich and Luxury living -RRB- : Highly educated people , largely living in and around London , who work in finance or allied trades and are raking it in .
There are around 500,000 top dogs and their average salary is high . They also have high savings .
They work in a high-pressured environment , whereas nonetheless they have considerable autonomy and are allowed to be creative .
Rich House Poor House 9pm tonight on Channel 5



@summary
Each decade has its cultural stereotypes and there 's seven new ones

@summary
Channel 5 has commissioned The Economist to define them

@summary
Includes Silver Spender who are over the age of 65 and thriving

@summary
There 's also The Stucks -LRB- Struggling Urban Creatives -RRB-

