@title
Why sitting on a chair flattens your butt : Trainer reveals the science behind your Desk Derriere - and how to fix it

@body
Sitting at a desk all day will make your bottom flat , flabby , and saggy .
That is a fact , according to New York-based personal trainer Dan Giordano , of Bespoke Treatments Physical Therapy .
No amount of weekend workouts will offset five days of inactivity , he warns .
And after five years in an office job , he says it 's likely the damage will cause the muscle in your derriere to start wasting away .
It all comes down to two things : lack of blood flow and the way most of us naturally sit .
Worse , Giordano explains , the strength of your glutes -LRB- gluteus maximus - the muscles in your butt -RRB- impacts your pelvic stability , pelvic rotation , and your core .
It means it 's not just your butt that will be affected , but your entire workout and physical strength .
THE CAUSE
1 . YOU 'RE PROBABLY SITTING WRONG
` In most office jobs you 're not moving so you 're getting stuck in a position - and usually it 's not a correct position , ' Giordano explains .
` Ninety percent of people sit in a way that means their pelvis rotates forward , putting pressure on your spine .
` And because you 're sitting for hours at a time , you 're not activating your glutes .
` That is going to cause the muscle in your bottom to lose its tone and shape and not be as firm .
` Think about it : if you have a round shaped bottom or a muscly one , and you do n't work it out , it becomes flabby and its sags .
` So if you 're in this job for five years , you could atrophy the muscles . '
2 . YOUR BLOOD FLOW SLOWS DOWN

` When you 're sitting at your desk for a long period of time you 're not moving your blood flow , ' Giordano says .
` We all know this : if you 're sitting for a long time , you become foggy . If you 're sleeping for a long period of time your muscles seize up .
` That 's because of the decreased blood flow .
` This could affect your muscles because you 're not getting blood flow .
` It means certain muscles , like your glutes , are not activating . It 's also going to take you longer to warm up when you work out . '
THE SOLUTION
1 . WALK AROUND - EVEN FOR 30 SECONDS
` You need to just get up and move . If it 's only 30 seconds , that 's fine , that 's something , ' Giordano urges .
` It is so important to keep your blood flow moving and keep your muscles as active as possible .
` Get up every half an hour - or 15 minutes if possible . You could get up every hour but every 30 minutes is so much better .
` Go to the break room , walk around .
` You clear your head , become less foggy , get your blood flow moving . '
2 . GET A STANDING DESK
` If there 's any access to a standing desk , get it , ' Giordano insists .
In Scandinavia - ranked as the ` happiest ' part of the world by the United Nations - 90 percent of office workers have access to standing work stations .
Studies have shown the act of standing up increases our productivity and dramatically lower the rates of obesity , heart disease and type 2 diabetes .

3 . USE A FOAM ROLLER
Giordano says we should all be using a foam roller every day .
` Mobility is the number one thing , ' Giordano says , as he sings the praises of foam rollers .
A foam roller is a large , cylinder foam block used to give yourself a massage and ease tension in the muscles .
It is common among athletes .
But Giordano said it is just as essential for office workers .
` You should be working out , but also taking recovery days - for every three days you work out , you need a recovery day .
` But the one thing you need every day is a foam roller - 30 seconds per body parts per day . '
4 . VARY YOUR WORKOUTS

If you 're not varying your workout , your body will get used to it , Giordano explains .
` Vary it : take some classes - do a barre class , then a spin class ... change it up .
` That will help you work different muscles throughout the week .
` Also I do n't think you 'll be happy if you just do the same thing all the time . '

@summary
Physical therapist Dan Giordano , of NYC , explains sitting can atrophy muscles

@summary
It is all down to the position we sit in and the lack of blood flow to the muscles

@summary
5 years in an office job could do permanent damage to our bottoms , he warns

