@title
Crisps are ` better for children than RAISINS ' : Dentists warn dried fruit is more damaging to teeth than fatty snacks

@body
Parents should let their children snack on crisps instead of raisins because they are better for their teeth , according to dental experts .
Many mothers and fathers might think that cramming their children 's lunchboxes with fruity treats is a good way of ensuring they get a balanced diet .
But the stickiness of raisins has the effect of ` gluing sugar to the teeth ' , according to leading dentists .
The news comes after a report released by the Royal College of Surgeons revealed that record numbers of under-fives are having rotten teeth removed .
Ben Atkins from the British Dental Association told The Times that although children 's crisps often contain added sugar , normal crisps are ` totally fine ' .
Nicole Sturzenbaum from Toothbeary , a private dental practice for children in Twickenham , west London , told the paper that dried fruit snacks are a ` nightmare ' .
She said : ` These snacks have definitely contributed to the problem , in particular within the cohort of health-conscious parents who aim to provide their children with a healthy diet . '
Hospital extractions among pre-school children have soared by 24 per cent in just ten years .
Last year alone , 47 infants under the age of one had newly grown milk teeth taken out - while more than a third of youngsters under ten eat junk food every day , according to one survey .
But fruit often contains more sugar than some chocolate treats .
For example , an average-sized orange contains 23g of sugar while a small banana contains 17g - considerably more than a two-finger Kit Kat bar , which contains 10.8 g.
Dried fruit is even more damaging because of its greater propensity to stick to the teeth . There are 53g of sugar per 100g of dried apricots .

@summary
Parents might think stuffing their children 's lunchboxes with fruit is a good idea

@summary
But the stickiness of raisins has the effect of ` gluing sugar to the teeth '

@summary
There is more sugar in an orange or a banana than in a two-finger KitKat bar

@summary
Record numbers of under-fives are now having rotten teeth removed

