@title
Brave dog survives being mutilated by the Bucharest Butcher and is set for a new life in Britain after its LEG was hacked off , its teeth pulled out and TAIL snapped off by animal attacker who still roams free

@body
A mutilated German Shepherd had her leg hacked off , teeth removed and tail snapped off by a brutal attacker , who sexually abused her before leaving her for dead on the streets of Bucharest .
Horrified animal campaigners uncovered the catalogue of cruelty in the Romanian capital , where they also found three puppies had been brutally killed in the same street days earlier .
One had been cut in half , one had its skull caved in and the other had been disemboweled .
TV presenter Anneka Svenska , who joined a team from charity the International Aid for the Protection and Welfare of Animals -LRB- IAPWA -RRB- , told MailOnline : ` It was awful , it was very hard to see that .
` To have that in front of you was harrowing , we were all in shock . I could n't believe someone could do that , especially the way she had been sexually violated . '
She said she had been reduced to tears by the abuse suffered by the German Shepherd , who has been named Spirit .
The cruel Bucharest Butcher sexually assaulted the eight-year-old stray with a knife , before leaving her alone in the snow .
Spirit was discovered the following morning by a woman who thought she was being targeted because she regularly feeds strays in her neighbourhood .
Anneka said authorities are powerless to act in cases of extreme cruelty , and voiced fears that Spirit 's attacker will go unpunished .
` It 's important he 's caught , he 's obviously a psychopath . People who do things like this are dangerous , he 's obviously incredibly unstable .
` It 's really important that the Romanian police take this seriously . '
Incredibly the animal , who is eight years old , survived her ordeal after lifesaving emergency surgery at vet centre Dog Rescue Romania .
And she is set for a new life in Britain once she has recovered enough to travel .
Anneka said : ` She 's a lovely dog , even after what 's happened she 's very trusting around humans . '
The woman who found her bleeding in the street thought Spirit had been ` carefully placed ' in order to warn her to stop feeding strays .
Anneka , 43 , said she spoke to the woman who found Spirit . In the days before , she had found the three killed dogs , and was shocked at the barbarity she had seen .
` She was shaking , there were tears running down her face , ' Anneka said .
Anneka joined IAPWA founder Nicky Stevens , 41 , and author Amanda Leask , 46 , to find out out the stray animal crisis facing Romania .
Sadly the abuse they discovered is not isolated .
Anneka stated : ` The vet said they see this kind of thing all the time , it 's not a one off . They get horrific victims of abuse and they ca n't do anything about it . '
It is estimated that there are more than 60,000 feral dogs in Bucharest alone , a hangover from the Communist years , when people were forced to move into apartment blocks .
When this happened , they would often abandon their pets .
Animal charity International Aid for the Protection and Welfare of Animals -LRB- IAPWA -RRB- established ` The Faith Project ' last year .
It was named after a Romanian dog which supporter Amanda Leask had adopted after she was rescued .
The project sees IAPWA working with animal campaigners in Romania to offer new neutering and education programmes across the country .
The charity said : ` Although she is no longer with us , she was lucky to have experienced so many things that thousands of dogs in Romania are denied .
` Through this project we aim to help many dogs so as they can receive the care they need with plans developed for creating a better long term future . '

During their time visiting the vets , they saw a dog die in front of them after it was run over , and she saw the team helping a dog who had been left paralysed .
When this happened , many families abandoned their pets .
` These dogs have been breeding since the 1970s , ' Anneka said . One dog she adopted after a previous visit to Romania turned out to be a mixture of at least eight different breeds .
Most of the thousands of strays take on the appearance of ` brown moggies ' , she said .
Until September 2013 , euthanasia of unclaimed street dogs was illegal , but the law changed after the death of a four-year-old boy , named Ionuț Anghel .
Within a fortnight of his fatal mauling , Romania 's parliament approved the Stray Dogs Euthanasia Law with an absolute majority , and it was signed into law by the country 's president , Traian Băsescu , the end of that month .
It later transpired that the dogs who killed him were security dogs , and not strays .
Critics say the new laws have prompted cruel treatment of dogs , with ` inhumane ' methods used to control the stray population .
Anneka said privately-hired dog catchers often round up groups of strays , but there is no legislation to ensure they are treated humanely .
In many cases , strays are treated with disdain . She described an instance four years ago when she saw a garage owner spraying a group of dogs - some of whom were young pups - with a hose , forcing them to run out into oncoming traffic on a busy motorway .
` In Romania the police are powerless to do anything , ' she said .
Thousands of dogs are currently trying to survive outdoors in temperatures which can drop as low as minus 20C .
They discovered a black dog in the freezing snow close to a motorway , but realised she should have had puppies with her .
This prompted a franctic two-hour search for the tiny animals , who were eventually found alive in an old man 's shed - where , tragically , there were a number of dog skulls .
The dogs are thought to have frozen to death while seeking sanctuary from the cold .
On Friday the charity will be holding a fundraising fashion show at 55 Exhibition Road in Knightsbridge between 7.30 pm and 10pm , with money raised going to fight the dog meat and leather trades .
Actor Peter Egan will be among the speakers . For tickets , email nicky.stevens@iapwa.org
A full video of the horrific ordeal , which contains very graphic images , has been loaded onto YouTube .
To support the charity , visit its Facebook page .


@summary
The dog , named Spirit , was left for dead in the freezing cold in Bucharest

@summary
She was found in the same spot where three puppies were brutally killed

@summary
Incredibly the eight-year-old German Shepherd survived emergency surgery

@summary
She is set to be brought to the UK , where charity chiefs hope to rehome her

@summary
Calls are mounting for stronger legislation to protect dogs against cruelty

