@title
Is this the best beach towel ever ? New mat springs out of its bag automatically and repels sand and water

@body
Beach towels have always been a bit of a faff .
But one company thinks it has come up with the perfect solution - a spacious towel-like ` mat ' that springs out from its 20-inch circular case , rather like a pop-up tent , to a spread three times the diameter .
The Schlack , which has already doubled its funding goal on Kickstarter , is made of a velour-blend fabric which repels sand and wo n't get soggy - making sunbathing a whole lot less messy .
The Schlack - which will retail for around # 50 - has compartments inside the carrying case to store valuables discreetly , and comes with a small matching towel with which to dry off .
It owes its ` popping out ' motion to a galvanized spring steel frame - meaning it wo n't blow around when you 're laying it down or packing it up .
The colourful mat , according to creator Or Reznik from Tel Aviv , Israel , has a heavy-duty bottom layer lining which means you can take it camping , or use it indoors as a baby play mat .
While the Schlack may be the first pop-up beach mat of its kind , it 's not the only ` sand-resistant ' towel to have emerged of late .
One Australian entrepreneur says he 's invented a beach towel that will not transfer sand from the beach to anywhere else , dubbed the Sandusa .
Baz Brown , who spent five years on his design , utilises ` patent protected technology ' which prevents water seeping through the towel and sand sticking to the underside .
And unlike a normal beach towel where the sand can get trapped in the loopy fibres , apparently the Sandusa 's smooth nylon backing allows sand to ` slip off easily , leaving it dry and sand-free ' .
All the more reason to head to the shores .


@summary
The Schlack unfolds from a case into a circular mat three times larger

@summary
Its steel frame means it wo n't blow around when you 're laying it or packing it up

@summary
The # 50 beach mat also repells sand and dries almost instantly

