@title
Killer heatwaves are on the rise : Three quarters of the world 's population face being exposed to soaring temperatures each summer by the end of the century

@body
A shocking study paints a bleak future for humanity in which three quarters of the world 's population will be exposed to deadly heatwaves by the end of the century .
Experts based their predictions on carbon dioxide emissions continuing to rise at current rates , a conservative estimate .
Even if emissions are aggressively reduced around half of the world 's population would still be affected , according to the research .
It comes as vicious heatwave is set to bake California , Arizona and Nevada as temperatures soar to 124 degrees in Death Valley .
Scroll down for video

Scientists at the University of Hawaii have used data on deaths caused by heatwaves to identify a threshold beyond which high temperatures and humidity become deadly .
By using predictions based on carbon dioxide emissions continuing to rise at current rates , they have modelled the future risks posed by heatwaves .
Worldwide , the greatest risk to human life is projected for tropical areas .
This is because the tropics are hot and humid all year round , whereas at higher and lower latitudes the risk of deadly heat is restricted to the summer .
New York is among the cities affected , with around 50 days predicted where climate conditions exceed deadly thresholds .
Elsewhere , Sydney will experience these extreme conditions for 20 days , Los Angeles for 30 , and Orlando and Houston will be affected for the duration of the summer .
Scientists at the University of Hawaii at Manoa studied over 1,900 locations worldwide where high temperatures have killed people since 1980 .
By analysing the climatic conditions which caused 783 deaths , the team identified a threshold beyond which heat and humidity become deadly .
Currently , about 30 per cent of the world 's human population is exposed to these potentially lethal conditions each year .
By 2100 , this will rise to least 48 per cent if greenhouse gases are aggressively reduced .
At current rates , this will rise to 74 per cent and the figures could be even higher if emissions rise , which is likely with the development of economies around the world .


Dr Camilo Mora , associate professor of geography at the university and lead author of the study , said : ` Our attitude towards the environment has been so reckless that we are running out of good choices for the future

` We are running out of choices for the future . For heatwaves , our options are now between bad or terrible .
` Many people around the world are already paying the ultimate price of heatwaves , and while models suggest that this is likely to continue to be bad , it could be much worse if emissions are not considerably reduced . '
The human body can only function within a narrow range of core body temperatures , around 37 degrees Centigrade -LRB- 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit -RRB- .
A web-application -LRB- above -RRB- allows you to check any location on Earth and the number of days in a year when conditions exceed the deadly threshold , based on current emissions -LRB- RCP8 .5 -RRB- , moderate reductions -LRB- RCP4 .5 -RRB- and extreme reductions -LRB- RCP2 .6 -RRB-
Heatwaves pose a considerable risk to human life because hot weather , aggravated with high humidity , can raise body temperature leading to a life threatening condition known as hyperthermia .
From over 30,000 relevant publications , the researchers identified 911 papers with data on 1,949 case studies of cities or regions , where human deaths were associated with high temperatures .
When analysing the climatic conditions for those cities , the researchers discovered a common threshold beyond which temperatures and humidities became lethal .
Heatwaves pose a considerable risk to human life because hot weather , aggravated with high humidity , can raise body temperature leading to a life threatening condition known as hyperthermia .
From over 30,000 relevant publications , the researchers identified 911 papers with data on 1,949 case studies of cities or regions , where human deaths were associated with high temperatures .

When analysing the climatic conditions for those cities , the researchers discovered a common threshold beyond which temperatures and humidities became lethal .
A web-application accompanying the paper allows you to check , for any place on Earth , the number of days in a year when temperature and humidity exceed such a deadly threshold .

A web-application accompanying the paper allows you to check , for any place on Earth , the number of days in a year when temperature and humidity exceed such a deadly threshold .
Worldwide , the greatest risk to human life is projected for tropical areas .


This is because the tropics are hot and humid all year round , whereas at higher and lower latitudes the risk of deadly heat is restricted to the summer .
New York is among the cities affected , with around 50 days predicted where climate conditions exceed deadly thresholds .
Elsewhere , Sydney will experience these extreme conditions for 20 days , Los Angeles for 30 , and Orlando and Houston will be affected for the duration of the summer .
` Warming at the poles has been one of the iconic climatic changes associated with the ongoing emissions of greenhouse gases ' says Iain Caldwell , a post-doctoral researcher at the university and another author of the paper .
` Our study shows , however , that it is warming in the tropics what will pose the greatest risk to people from deadly heat events .
` With high temperatures and humidities , it takes very little warming for conditions to turn deadly in the tropics . '
The full findings of the study were published today in the journal Nature Climate Change .
The pristine white landscape of Antarctica has disappeared .
Plant life is growing rapidly due to climate change turning the continent green .
Few plants live on Antarctica but scientists studying moss have found a sharp increase in biological activity in the last 50 years .
A study released in May claims the rate of moss growth is now four to five times higher than it was pre-1950 .
A team including scientists from the University of Exeter used moss bank cores -- which are well preserved in Antarctica 's cold conditions -- from an area spanning about 400 miles .
They tested five cores from three sites and found major biological changes had occurred over the past 50 years right across the Antarctic Peninsula .
Recent climate change on the Antarctic Peninsula is well documented with warming and other changes such as increased precipitation and wind strength .
Weather records mostly began in the 1950s but biological records preserved in moss bank cores can provide a longer-term context about climate change .



@summary
Scientists have created a model based on current carbon dioxide emissions

@summary
The greatest risk to human life worldwide is projected for tropical areas

@summary
New York , Sydney , Los Angeles , Orlando and Houston will all suffer badly

@summary
Even if emissions are reduced around half of the world 's population could be hit

