@title
How I lost my daughter and son to a cult : Mother reveals heartache after her cancer-suffering daughter left her family to follow a man named ` Paddy '

@body
A mother has opened up about how her family was torn apart after losing her only son and daughter to a cult .
Mary Janetzki , 59 , and her husband Lloyd , 58 , were devastated when their daughter Renee tragically died of uterine cancer at the age of 29 in 2014 .
But the Brisbane couple had already lost her - years before when she and her brother Ben joined a cult - and eventually , they were forced to cut off all contact with their loving parents and friends .
Cult leader ` Paddy ' , who goes by many names , slowly worked his way into their lives through a Christian church .
Renee had initially joined the cult - not long before she decided to leave after being concerned when the leader berated and humiliated other members .
Around six months after she gave birth to a baby girl , Renee , a drama teacher , was diagnosed with aggressive uterine cancer and spots on the lungs in 2009 .
But the family was hit with another blow , when Paddy convinced Renee that the only way she could be healed was to distance herself from her family .
Pointing his finger at her father , Paddy accused him for his daughter 's cancer .
` You are cursed and unrepentant , ' Paddy said .
Mrs Janetzki recalled : ` He said to Renee `` we ca n't say why you got the cancer but if you want to be healed you can not expose yourself to that curse . God is not going to answer your prayers '' . '
Speaking to Daily Mail Australia , the mother-of-two said : ` My daughter was convinced that what this guy said was true . Renee was petrified .
` She just had a baby and then she was diagnosed with cancer - she was terrified . She thought she was given a death sentence because she tried to leave the group .
` Immediately , she felt like she was being judged by God . And he -LSB- Paddy -RSB- led her to believe that he was right - and that 's how he had her . '
Just days later , both Renee and Ben called their parents to tell them not to visit anymore , and that they would only speak in an emergency .
` We were shell-shocked , ' Mrs Janetzki said .
` I 'm thinking , I 'm going to lost my children . For five months , they used my daughter to try and convince me to leave my `` cursed '' husband .
` As soon as I told her that her father was not cursed and he was not going to hell , I was a witch to her . We were absolutely cut off .

` He -LSB- Paddy -RSB- had told Renee : `` Your mother who claimed to love you all your life chose her husband over her dying daughter '' .
` Betrayal of that was very real , and there was nothing I could do for my daughter . She felt like it was a stab to her chest .
` Every time I 'd expressed my love to her , she treated it with contempt - or that I do n't mean it because I chose my cursed husband over my children . '
The Janetzkis never saw Renee again until days before she died , lying emaciated in hospital when she permitted them to come and say goodbye .
` For all those years we did n't hear from Renee , we did n't know anything - if she lived or died , ' Mrs Janetzki said .
Renee , who had been a ` Daddy 's girl ' , told her father she loved him .
But even on her deathbed , Renee showed how betrayed she felt as she blamed her mother for choosing her ` cursed ' husband over her cancer-stricken daughter .
` She was a beautiful girl , bright , and a delightful young mother . She was a ray of sunshine , funny girl . But then she became hostile . That was not my girl . '
Paddy met the family through their church when he and 20 cult followers would show up at Sunday evening worship looking for new recruits .


They disappeared for a few years before Paddy showed up at their door out of the blue claiming god had told him to visit Mary .
` Years later , when my children were in their 20s , the group came back in their scene again , ' Mrs Janetzki said .
Paddy and his followers would drop by unannounced and eventually Ben , who long wanted friendship and acceptance , joined their ranks .
The Janetzkis did n't realise what was really happening , as it just seemed like a church group Ben would see on Fridays , but were alarmed when they saw Paddy humiliate him in front of the group .
Then Paddy turned on Renee and her husband , convincing them to come along and visiting her in hospital after she was diagnosed in 2009 .
After months of whispering in the young mother 's ear , he began to drive the wedge - essentially putting Lloyd ` on trial ' for her aggressive illness .
` What sin are you guilty of , because Renee has cancer ? ' Paddy said one night . It was just weeks later he finally drove them apart for good .
Seven years on , the Janetzkis have still not seen or heard from their son .
` Words ca n't describe how I feel , just devastating , ' Mrs Janetzkis told Daily Mail Australia .
' I went out of my way to make sure my children never doubted how much we love them .
A tearful Mrs Janetzki added : ` And all of a sudden , they 're hostile towards you and there 's nothing you could do about it .
` You just have to wait unfortunately , and pick up the pieces when they do return . '

The devastated couple are two of an estimated 500,000 people either roped into one of at least 200 active cults in Australia , or have lost someone to one .
Experts say the Janetzkis are a classic case of charismatic leaders using control , manipulation and intimidation to isolate members from sceptical families .
Senator Nick Xenaphon pledged to introduce legislation to protect victims of groups using psychological coercion .
` Right now in this country there are cults and cult-like organisations that are destroying people 's lives , ripping families apart and ripping off their money , ' he said .
` Our current laws are too weak to tackle these sinister groups . '

@summary
Lloyd and Mary Janetzki lost both their children to a cult group led by ` Paddy '

@summary
He accused Lloyd of being ` cursed ' and their daughter 's cancer was his fault

@summary
Paddy convinced Renee to cut them off and follow him so she could be healed

@summary
They never saw their son Ben again and only saw Renee on her deathbed

@summary
Their distraught mother has opened up about how her family was torn apart

