@title
EXCLUSIVE : A remote Alaskan island - where residents have no running water , hunt bearded seal and walrus and use a bucket in city hall as a toilet - becomes the poster child for global warming as sea levels rise around the town of just 600 people

@body
With bone-chilling cold , no running water , certainly no restaurants and days that drag on forever at the height of summer and last less than three hours in the dead of winter , Shishmaref , Alaska is a place few Americans could ever settle .
Stuck on a barrier island in the Chukchi Sea , just 100 miles from the Russian mainland , the climate -- with temperatures plunging to minus 30 degrees -- is inhospitable at best and downright forbidding most days .
But for those who make Shishmaref their home , it 's ideal .
` It 's a central location as far as we are concerned , ' city councilman Fred Eningowuk explained to DailyMail.com .
` We have the ocean for bearded seal , for walrus , crabs and salmon . We have our lagoon for herring and tom cod and other fish . Across that we have the mainland for hunting and for berries , greens and roots .
` Everything we need is close by , ' Eningowuk added , as he prepared to carve up a recently killed caribou outside his home . ` It is the perfect spot for us . '
But it almost certainly wo n't stay that way for long . Shishmaref is the poster child for global warming .
Rising seas mean it is disappearing fast and with Donald Trump 's administration insisting that climate change research is ' a waste of taxpayers ' money , ' its 600 residents see little hope for a future .
` There were five or six houses along this strip of land , ' Lorraine Jungers told DailyMail.com as she smoked a cigarette outside the village 's native store . ` They 've all been washed away . '
Mayor Donna Barr added : ` Our elders tell us the island went two miles further north when they were young . That 's all gone now . '
And Annie Weyiouanna , the village 's local coordinator added : ` There was a lot of land on the ocean side . We had bluffs and cliffs and a beach but we do n't have that anymore . '
` We have no future here if the land keeps eroding . '
For half the year , from October to April , Shishmaref used to be surrounded by frozen seas . But the water started freezing over later , first in November and then December .
This year the village saw something new and even more alarming when it woke on the morning of February 2 .
` The ice was wide open , ' said Weyiouanna . ' I had never seen that before . '
It stayed that way for more than a week before a cold snap refroze the sea on February 10 .
Last year the people of Shishmaref voted to relocate . A second ballot decided on a spot for the new hometown nine miles across the lagoon at West Tin Creek Flats on the Alaskan mainland .
Who is going to pay for that move is another matter . The villagers certainly ca n't afford it on their own -- it is estimated it would cost them $ 320,000 each . The state government in Juneau also does n't have the budget and the federal government does n't have the will .
The island 's leaders are doing what they can to prepare for the move , although no-one believes it will come any time soon . ` We want to make the project shovel-ready so if the funding became available we would be prepared , ' said Mayor Barr .
` We ca n't wait for the village to wash away . We have to realize that mother nature is always going to be more powerful than any man-made system . '
Weyiouanna added : ' I know Donald Trump does n't believe climate change is real , ' she said in her office in city hall where a bucket is the only toilet .
` But if he came to live here for a year he 'd soon change his mind . '
And for the people of Shishmaref that is the problem . Washington , DC is so far away it may as well be on another planet -- not part of the same country .
Daily life in the nation 's capital -- or New York or California or Minnesota or anywhere else in the lower 48 states for that matter -- has just nothing in common with that of the Inupiaq people on Shishmaref .
Take water , for instance . It is not as simple as turning on a faucet .
For fresh drinking water , it means hopping on a snowmobile with a sled attached , and driving 18 miles across the lagoon to the Old Pond . Once there , it 's a question of cutting out a few large chunks of ice , putting them in the sled and driving all the way home again .
For bathing and laundry there is the communal washeteria .
The vote to relocate was close and because it was held in August , when many people were on the mainland harvesting berries , it had a low turnout . Only one-in-three villagers cast their ballot . The result was 94 for relocation and 78 to stay in place and try to protect the island .
Fred Eningowuk , 59 , was all for staying .
` We could be better off here , ' he said .
Due to the lack of financing , he does not believe any move will occur in his lifetime
` That 's probably just as well , ' he said . ` They would practically have to force me to relocate to West Tin Creek . '
And musher Jeff Nayokpuk , 32 , added : ` If we have to go , I guess we have to go , but I do n't want to .
' I did n't vote , ' he said , as he poked at a fire under an oil drum full of seal meat , rice and melted snow -- standard fare for his dog team . ' I just do n't like to have to think about leaving all this behind . '
Global warming has brought a lot of change to Shishmaref : some subtle , some obvious . Lorraine Jungers 's father killed 72 polar bear in his life , she said . ` Now , you just do n't see the bears any more . The ice is n't thick enough to support them . '
And the rising waters do n't just mean they will wash over the island . They also attack from below . As the level goes up it melts the permafrost that is the bedrock of Shishmaref . That leads to the village sinking putting it even more at risk from storms .
The people even have a word for the insidious undermining of their land , said Shishmaref 's vice-mayor Stanley Tocktoo .
` We call it ussaaq . When the storm is out of the west or northwest it 's the worst . October and November are the worst months . '
A local ordinance says any new homes have to be built on special foundations that can then be lifted and moved . Fourteen homes on the northern shore were moved south after a 1997 storm ate away at the land .
In Shishmaref there is no place for the those who doubt the findings of established science .
` Climate change is genuine , ask anyone here , ' said Tocktoo . ` One year we lost 20 feet of land in an hour . Now we do n't have room for new houses or public facilities . Already we have some people living three families to a house . '
But virtually no one on the island wants to leave , even if the majority feel they have no choice .
Stella Ningeulook , 65 , is convinced the vote went the right way . ` The move will be wonderful for our grandchildren and great grandchildren , ' she said . ` We do n't want them to suffer .
' I voted yes , most certainly . I just hope we have picked the right spot . I want Donald Trump to know how important this is , ' she said . ` This is our lives we are talking about . '
` We have no choice , ' Mildred Kiyutelluk said , although her brother Larry told DailyMail.com : ' I wo n't move . How can they force me to ? '
And 21-year-old Mamie Iyatunguk added : ` It 's best to relocate before we lose any more houses . '
The one thing everyone on Shishmaref is agreed on is that the village must stay together . ` We are an entire community , ' vice-mayor Tocktoo said .
The biggest dread is that people would leave piecemeal and go to Nome or Kotzebue - north west Alaska 's only two population centers . ` If that were to happen we 'd have two tribes fighting each other . We would be the displaced people , ' Tocktoo said .
Alaskans saw such an event last century when authorities closed the school on King Island , a tiny community in the Bering Sea ; the children were forced to go to boarding school elsewhere .
The community collapsed as the young were no longer around to help their parents hunt and gather food . Eventually the islanders moved to Nome .
` That is not going to happen to us , ' Tocktoo said .
Shishmaref is not the only Alaskan village facing relocation due to climate change . One hundred and ten miles north , Kivalina has a similar problem .
But Kivalina 's mayor Austin Shaw believes his village can be saved .
` Our ice was back to normal this year , ' Shaw , a whaling captain , told DailyMail.com .
` The temperature stayed below zero for the better part of March -- and that 's what we like up here . '
Shaw , 69 , admitted that for some years his village appeared doomed by rising waters , but he is hopeful that the 2017 winter is a sign that things are going back to normal .
But already a relocation plan has been prepared that would see the village move seven miles inland from its present spot on a spit of land , 80 miles inside the Arctic Circle . The cost of such a move has variously been put at between $ 100 and $ 400 million .
But while Shaw is hopeful , most of the village sees relocation as inevitable . Just like Shishmaref , though , no one has come up with the money .
Villager Shirley Adams believes the Canadian mining company Teck Cominco , which operates Red Dog , the world 's largest zinc mine close to Kivalina , should pony up .
` We have a multi-billion corporation mining on our doorstep , ruining our water , ' she told DailyMail.com . ` Let them pay .
` It 's time we were really thinking about relocating , ' she added .
The village has reason to want to stay together . Despite having less than 400 residents it had a baby boom in 2012 with 22 children born in one year . Visitors to Kivalina immediately see how many four-year-olds are running around .
Laurence Adams -- Shirley 's brother -- said one harsh winter does not mean that the tide has turned for Kivalina . ` Yes it was a good year , but there have been too many bad ones recently . When I was a boy the sea froze over in October or November every year , now it 's January .
` As far as I can see the only future for Kivalina 's children is to relocate . '

@summary
Shishmaref , Alaska is an island village just 100 miles from the Russian mainland , located in the Chukchi Sea

@summary
The hundreds of people who call it home hunt bearded seal , walrus , crab , salmon and herring to survive

@summary
To access fresh drinking water they must make an 18-mile trek by snowmobile and cut out huge chunks of ice

@summary
But the remote town is disappearing quickly as gaping holes in the normally frozen seas appear and permafrost - the bedrock of Shishmaref - melts away

@summary

@summary
Though the population has voted to relocate , it is estimated it would cost them $ 320,000 each

