@title
Tiny castle that covers just 1,066 sq ft but boasts its own mini great hall and a moat goes on sale for # 1.75 million

@body
A stunning Gothic-style moated property - built on the site of a medieval castle demolished by Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War - is on the market for # 1.75 million .
Starborough Castle in Lingfield , Surrey , is a two-bedroom home with just 1,066 sq ft of accommodation but comes with a cottage and longboat which provide extra space .
The unique house , which also comes with ten acres of grounds , is being sold through estate agents Henry & James .
The first recorded settlement on the site was by Ella , King of the South Saxons in AD490 .
The first Starborough Castle was built for Reginald de Cobham , 1st Baron Cobham and 1st Lord Cobham of Sterborough .
The building was fortified in 1342 and became Starborough Castle . It consisted of four towers and a gate , surrounded on all sides by a moat with a central bridge .
The Duke of Orleans was held captive at the castle for some time after the Battle of Agincourt in 1415 .
During the Civil War the castle was occupied by Parliamentary forces and , shortly after the execution of Charles I in 1649 , it was demolished by an Order of Parliament under Oliver Cromwell , who feared it would provide a base for Royalist rebellion forces .
That castle had occupied the entire island and survives mainly in the form of buried foundations and archaeological remains , although parts of the original castle were used to build the present house , which is on the north-east corner of the site .
The site remained derelict for more than a century until Sir James Burrow bought it in the 1750s and built the Gothic-style summerhouse .
By the 1900s it fell into disrepair again until it was bought by local landowner and farmer Ray Edwards in the 1970s , who restored it according to Burrow 's original design under the supervision of English Heritage .
A medieval gargoyle was even retrieved from the moat and positioned above the main entrance .
The Grade II listed house has a large living room , a minstrel gallery kitchen , two bedrooms and a bathroom . The ` mini great hall ' has an intricately carved period fireplace and gothic-style bay window and there is panelling and exposed ceiling timbers throughout the house .
There is also a cottage with an open plan reception room and kitchen , a shower room , a bedroom and a conservatory , a longboat moored by the castle and a Sussex-style barn .
In the ten acres of grounds there is a one-acre paddock , a seven-acre field and landscaped gardens with a thatched summerhouse and gazebo .
The one-acre moat is spring-fed and has a bridge across it to access the property .
Starborough Castle is near the pretty town of Edenbridge , on the border of Kent and Surrey .
James Bailey from the estate agent said : ` It 's an amazing property , a complete one off , and a house of historical importance .
` The first recorded settlement was there in AD490 . The moat was created around the medieval castle that occupied the entire island in the 1300s .
` That was torn down under Cromwell 's orders in the 1600s .
` What is there now takes up just a small part of the island , it was built as a summerhouse and you could argue over whether it 's a folly or a castle .
` Ray Edwards restored it in the 1980s and it 's just lovely .
` You walk into a panelled hallway which leads into this magnificent reception room . It all sits within ten acres , it 's got this beautiful moat around it with a collection of Koi carp .
` There 's a lot of greenery around you , it 's really peaceful and tranquil .
` It would be a perfect weekend destination place for a professional couple or an individual looking for something unique .
` The current owners have had it about 20 years and that 's what they have used it for , but they are based in London again now so do n't get to use it much .
` They also put a barge on the moat to provide extra guest space , it 's a bit of fun , obviously you could only drive it in a circle round the moat , you ca n't go anywhere . '

@summary
Starborough Castle in Lingfield , Surrey , comes with a cottage and longboat which provide extra space

@summary
It is built on the site of a medieval castle demolished by Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War

@summary
A summerhouse was built on the site in the 1750s but fell into disrepair before being restored in the 1980s

