@title
Captivated by Kolkata : How the city once known as Calcutta transcends its shabby image in gardens and temples

@body
Kolkata is a slow-burner .
At first glance , the Indian city , formerly known as Calcutta , is a haze of pollution , incessant honking of horns and half-built skyscrapers with bamboo scaffolding hanging off them like cobwebs .
How can anyone stay sane in a place so raucous , so grubby , so hectic ? But then you venture down a side street , flanked by grimy but grand 19th-century villas in Italian style , its pavements cracked by the roots of banyan trees . The traffic noise recedes .
For 7p or thereabouts , you can buy chai , spiced with ginger or cardamom . The vendor scoops it out of a great iron pot and , with theatrical flourish , pours it from a great height into a clay cup .
Kolkata has begun to reveal its charms . Here 's how to enjoy it ...
BEST FOOT FORWARD
People do everything on the street -- washing under standpipes , taking their morning shave with pavement barbers , and having shirts pressed with flat-irons heated over charcoal stoves . Wander through the city and you 'll see its life .
For more formal sightseeing , Calcutta Walks has a team of well-informed young guides who lead small groups . They 'll show you the grand architectural remnants of the Raj .
Their Confluence of Cultures Walk winds through the old town , taking in a Chinese temple and market , a synagogue , Hindu temples , Christian churches and mosques , all within traffic-free lanes . From # 24pp , calcuttawalks.com .
BEAUTY OF BOATING
Jam-packed public ferries travel along the great Hooghly River -- from the Botanical Gardens south of the city to the Kali Temple at Dakshineswar in the north . Hire a brightly painted private boat , so you can feast on biryani as you watch people crowding down to the water in the numerous ghats -LRB- steps -RRB- , public gardens and temple precincts that line the shore .
TOP SHOPS
Dakshinapan is a market devoted to Indian textiles and handicrafts . It is controlled by the government , so prices are fair and the choice huge : from saffron-coloured quilts to gossamer-fine Bengali muslin . Rendezvous at Dolly 's cafe , which is famed for its ginger-scented tea .
GREEN SPACES
People will tell you that the Victoria Memorial looks like the Taj Mahal . It does n't . But Lord Curzon 's grandiose , palace-sized , white marble monument to the Raj is splendid . Spend an afternoon people-watching in the formal gardens , where families loll on the grass in their glittering Sunday outfits .
Go , too , to South Park Street Cemetery , the 18th-century burial ground for the young Englishmen who came here to work for the East India Company and died with pathetic swiftness -- to be commemorated with tombs as splendid as their lives were short .
TUCK IN
Food stalls are everywhere , selling paper cones full of bhelpuri -LRB- fresh herbs , tamarind and tomatoes with crunchy puffed rice -RRB- and plates of fragrant papri chaat -LRB- fried dough wafers with potato and yoghurt -RRB- . Bakers make a variety of nut and honey-filled cakes and pastries .
If you prefer to eat indoors , try Flurys , the Art Deco tea-room where smart Kolkata ladies have been lunching on chicken and cucumber sandwiches for nearly a century .
DRINK UP
There 's chai , of course , and lassi -- sweet , salted or spiced , made with buffalo milk . A street vendor will chop the head off a green coconut and hand it to you with a straw .
Or there 's sour , refreshing chaas -- buttermilk flavoured with cumin , coriander leaves and a local delicacy , black salt .
On College Street in the university district , book stalls line the road and spread out around the shabbily grand Indian Coffee House . Here , waiters in spectacular headdresses are Gallically disdainful .
` Coffee house , ' says one , crushingly , when I ask for tea .
POWER PLAYERS
Kolkata 's clubland is as elite as London 's St James 's , but worth penetrating if you can .
The Bengal Club -LRB- thebengal club.com -RRB- , in a palatial house that once belonged to Victorian historian Thomas Macaulay , was originally for whites only . Today , the grandees in the leather armchairs are Bengali .
Non-members can attend events : there 's a concert of Sufi music while I am here .
The Calcutta Club -LRB- calcuttaclub.in -RRB- was founded in 1907 , and open from the start to men of all races , but only recently to women .
The garden is a luxury in this crowded city and a lovely place to sip a sweet lime soda .
ESCAPE THE CITY
Retreat to The Rajbari Bawali , a heritage hotel two hours ' drive away .
From here , stroll into the village with its romantically tumble-down temples . Rooms from # 79 B&B , therajbari.com .
GETTING THERE
Emirates -LRB- emirates.com , 0344 800 2777 -RRB- flies from Gatwick to Kolkata via Dubai from # 456 return .

@summary
A place of scale and scope , Kolkata is India 's third most populous city

@summary
Formerly known as Calcutta , it is the capital of the state of West Bengal

@summary
Attractions include the Victoria memorial , often mistaken for the Taj Mahal

