@title
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp admits his side are suffering after confidence-draining defeats but likens Reds project to building a house : ` You get to winter and the weather is difficult '

@body
Jurgen Klopp has admitted Liverpool 's confidence has been hit following their post-Christmas slump but has no concerns about it becoming something more serious .
Liverpool 's manager has been left frustrated by a sequence of one win in seven matches since the turn of the year , a run that has seen them lose ground in the Premier League and tumble out of the EFL Cup .
His mood ahead of the FA Cup fourth round clash with Wolves , though , was upbeat and Klopp could not resist the opportunity to throw a veiled barb towards Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho following his comments after their game at Hull .
Klopp is likely to make changes to his team but he is adamant the campaign is not in any danger of imploding ; nor is he concerned that his players will struggle to reverse the run of results they have suffered .
` The Swansea game was disappointing because we should not concede the goals that we did , ' said Klopp .
` Southampton was a similar game . Southampton play a different style against us , a special Liverpool style . Loris had two , three really good saves . It is not about defending it is about reacting in a specific situation .
' I know I am the funny German who should not mention the wind but it did make a difference . It was the first time I had seen a flat ball on a pitch stop , ' he added .
Klopp remains diplomatic when it comes to the refereeing decisions made in the recent defeat to Southampton , maintaining he is more than OK with the current situation .
` If there was a handball , it would be nice if we could hear a whistle . The difference is in the detail . It is no problem for me to stay optimistic .
' I am really fine with the situation . I do n't like the results but I see that we are fighting for each result . I am absolutely more than OK , ' the German said .
The issue of confidence is a prominent one for the Reds at present , and Klopp is n't shying away from the fact that the building up of defeats has had inevitable impact .
` The answer is difficult . How could the confidence be the same after these results ? Of course it has changed . Of course there has been an influence . If we suffer , it is a little bit like building a house .
` You start and you are in fully enthusiasm . In the summer , everything is good and you think you will be in with a few months .
` But then you get to winter and the weather is difficult . We are still building . We have the next chance on Tuesday . Then next Saturday . I am looking forward .
If we lose both games , you will sit hear next week and say ` oooh ? Bad mood ! ' But if we have won two games , nobody is talking about the semi-final , ' Klopp added .


@summary
Jurgen Klopp has admitted Liverpool 's confidence has taken a hit recently

@summary
But the German coach maintains he has absolutely no cause for concern

@summary
Liverpool will host Wolves at Anfield this weekend in the FA Cup fourth round

@summary
The German has revealed ' a few changes ' will have to be made for the clash

@summary
Both Adam Lallana and Nathaniel Clyne are doubts for the upcoming tie

@summary
Read : Liverpool set to offer Joe Gomez a new long-term contract

@summary
Read : How Liverpool are struggling without Sadio Mane

