@title
Worst is yet to come : Rockhampton residents told to brace for the most severe flooding since 2011 as water levels are set to peak at nine metres

@body
Rockhampton residents have been warned to brace for the worst flooding since 2011 , as rapidly rising water levels are set to peak at nine metres on Thursday .
Incredible aerial photos show entire suburbs under water , while others have become isolated islands .
Floodwaters in the central Queensland city are expected to inundate more than 300 homes on Thursday , cutting off access to thousands .
The flooding comes in the wake of Cyclone Debbie , which has so far claimed five lives , with more people still reported missing .
Rockhampton 's Fitzroy River is expected to peak at nine metres about midday - causing extensive damage to the city and devastating the local community .
The low-lying suburb of Depot Hill is expected to be entirely submerged in water come midday .
The river reached 7.8 metres on Tuesday , inundating low-lying suburbs . Water has remained high since .
Authorities started door-knocking at-risk properties as early as Monday to warn them for the worst .

Rockhampton has been hit with major flooding three times since 2011 , when it was inundated by 9.2 metres of water .
The Queensland city flooded in 2011 , 2013 and again in 2015 following a cyclone .
This is the fourth time local residents have been warned to prepare for major flooding .

The rising water levels cut off a number of roads and highways in the affected region on Wednesday , with conditions expected to worsen overnight and into Thursday .
The Rockhampton Airport was also rendered out of action .
Bureau of Meteorology forecaster James Thompson told the ABC the Fitzroy River was likely to remain high for several days following Thursday 's peak .
` The peak 's expected to stay up even into Saturday morning , ' he said .
` So with all that water that 's come down , the Fitzroy 's quite a big catchment , so it takes quite a while for that to subside . '
Help from the Australian Army arrived in the city this week and an extra 60 police officers were deployed .
` Residents should close and lock all doors and windows , keep cash and other valuables out of easy reach and out of sight and avoid leaving notes on the door to suggest no one is at home , ' Rockhampton Police Inspector Virginia Nelson said .
Residents have been warned they could lose their phone lines and internet on Thursday - making it harder for them to keep in contact with family , friends and the authorities .
Parts of Queensland were forced to switch to the National Broadband Network -LRB- NBN -RRB- in 2016 and the service was not expected to hold up during a power outage .
Before the switch , homeowners could use their home phones because they did n't rely on an external power source .
Now after after the switch the phones run via the internet and the internet does not work without power .
Landlines aside , mobile phones also need power to recharge .
The NBN announced on Wednesday it deployed field teams across flood-affected areas to ensure the network continued to operate .
The service also said it set up generators in regions affected by power outages .
While it said it was acting fast to maintain service , the NBN also asked for ` patience ' while they assisted with the recovery .

@summary
Rockhampton residents have been warned to brace for the worst as city floods

@summary
Flood waters are expected to peak at 9m on Thursday , the worst since 2011

@summary
Incredible maps predict floodwaters to submerge entire suburbs in the city

@summary
Flooding comes in wake of Cyclone Debbie which has claimed five lives already

