@title
Bethenny Frankel 's ex Jason Hoppy ` stalked her for years , sent hundreds of harassing emails , and then threatened to destroy her in confrontation that left her fearing for her life prior to arrest '

@body

Bethenny Frankel endured years of ` mental and psychological abuse ' at the hands of her ex Jason Hoppy before she filed a police complaint when he left her fearing for her life according to the reality star 's lawyer .
Hoppy was arrested at his Manhattan apartment shortly after noon on Friday , just four hours after Frankel claims her ex-husband rushed at her and new boyfriend Dennis Shields after they had dropped off Hoppy and Frankel 's daughter Bryn at school and began to scream at the pair .
` There 's nothing you can do to stop me . You 'll be sorry . You 've been warned . I ca n't help it , ' Hoppy told Frankel according to her complaint .
He then told Shields that the Real Housewives of New York star was ` pure evil ' before adding : ` You 've been warned . Do n't say I did n't warn you . '

Prior to that , Hoppy had sent over 150 emails in less than three months to Frankel , this after he called her complaints that he was harassing her comical and told her : ` I 'll never go away . '
He is now charged with harassment in the second degree and stalking in the fourth degree an NYPD spokesperson told DailyMail.com for contacting the ` female victim numerous times via email and facetime ' as well as approaching her and ` making verbal threats . '
Frankel was also granted a six-month restraining order on Saturday which prohibits Hoppy from speaking with her or an unnamed third party involved in the incident on Friday , who is likely Shields .
Hoppy 's attorney Robert C. Gottlieb responded to the charges against his client by telling DailyMail.com : ` We look forward to having all the evidence and the truth exposed in a courtroom . '




Scroll down for video

Page Six was the first to report on Hoppy 's arrest .
In a statement to DailyMail.com , Frankel 's lawyer Barry Zone of Moses & Singer said that the charges against Hoppy come after his client endured a great deal of ` abuse ' from her ex .
` Ms. Frankel 's decision to report Mr. Hoppy 's abusive behavior followed years of systematic bullying , harassment , stalking and torment on an almost daily basis , ' said Zone .
` Indeed , Mr. Hoppy has sent hundreds of escalating texts and emails to Ms. Frankel , her assistants and her boyfriend , demanding that she meet with Mr. Hoppy unnecessarily , stating that ` I 'll never go away ' and that ' -LSB- y -RSB- ou left me no choice but to go to extremes ' , claiming that her ` definition of harassment is comical ' and that he will ` continue to communicate with -LSB- her -RSB- as -LSB- he -RSB- see -LSB- s -RSB- fit ' , requesting copies of her life insurance policy , and telling her that ` I 'll pray for you . '
He went on to state : ` These acts of mental and psychological abuse are domestic violence , pure and simple . No woman , celebrity or not , deserves to have their allegations of such abuse taken lightly , and we are grateful to the NYPD for their immediate action to protect Ms. Frankel . '
Gottlieb commented by stating : ` There are no words to express how saddened Mr. Hoppy is over his ex-wife 's unjustified actions . His only concern is his daughter and intends to vigorously fight these false charges . '
Frankel 's latest drama will likely play out for television audiences in just a few months as DailyMail.com has confirmed that Real Housewives is still filming , and about to wrap up for the season .
Frankel , 46 , was photographed a few hours after the alleged incident as she left her home and headed to pick up her daughter at school .
The millionaire creator of the Skinny Girl empire showed no signs of what had happened earlier that morning however , smiling for the cameras as she made her way back home with Bryn .
Frankel has not commented on the incident , and fled the city over the weekend with her 6-year-old daughter , posting a photo on Saturday of the beach near her home in the Hamptons .
` What a beach , ' wrote Frankel .
She also posted a video on Tuesday while skiing in Straton , Vermont , sharing footage as she went up in the gondola and writing : ` Up up and away . '
Later she posted a picture on Snapchat as she enjoyed a a margarita and some french fries , writing : ` Priorities '
Frankel 's boyfriend , banker Dennis Shields , sent a cease and desist letter last year from his attorney threatening to take legal action if Hoppy did not stop harassing the Bravo star .
The letter claimed that Hoppy had sent 49 emails in just 70 days , in which he frequently attacked Frankel over her looks , age and fame .
TMZ reported at the time that Hoppy wrote in one email that Shields was just part of a ` revolving door of men ' and would ` be gone soon . '
Soon after , reports emerged that Frankel and Shields did in fact split , though Frankel responded by shooting these down and saying he was still a part of her life .
The two also spent the holidays together , and were spotted frolicking on a beach in Mexico just before the new year .
Shields also has children but he and his kids have not been seen on Houseiwves as he has no wish to be part of the show .
His daughter did however make an appearance via phone during the reunion episode of Housewives this past August to respond to claims that Frankel was having an affair with her father while he was still married to her mother .
She said that was false .
In addition to Hoppy , Frankel was previously married to Peter Sussman , tying the knot with the entertainment industry executive in 1996 and divorcing just one year later .
The incident is just the latest bit of real life drama between the pair , who wed in March of 2010 and then split two years later .
Frankel , who was very pregnant with her first child when she said ' I do , ' gave birth to the couple 's daughter Brynn shortly after the nuptials in May of that year .
Their wedding and the lead-up to the ceremony even became its own reality series that aired on Bravo , ` Bethenny Getting Married . '
At the time the show had the highest rating for a series premiere in Bravo history , so the couple got another show that was called ` Bethenny Ever After . '
That ran for two seasons and ended just as the couple 's relationship began to fall apart , leading to their split in December of 2012 and Frankel filing for divorce the following month .
The time between that filing and her actual divorce was close to four years however , and much longer than the actual marriage between the two .
Frankel got her divorce though in July of last year .
The custody battle between the two was also a lengthy fight , lasting close to two years and not being settled until June of 2014 .
As part of the custody agreement , the couple 's daughter Bryn can not appear on her mother 's reality show .
In the two years that she was married Frankel experienced the business success she had been working at for over a decade when she managed to sell Skinny Girl .
Frankel had spent the first season of ` Housewives ' appearing in local grocery stores to hawk her backed goods or promote her margaritas at bars , getting little to no response at times .
That slowly began to change during the second and third seasons of the show , and in early 2011 Fortune Brands ' Beam Global bought SkinnyGirl from Frankel - for $ 100million .
And that was just for the alcohol produced by Frankel , most notably her SkinnyGirl margarita .
Her empire has now grown to include everything from popcorn and chocolate to salad dressing and protein drinks .
The same year Frankel sold her brand , conversations began between production companies and Frankel regarding a possible talk show , continuing into the next year .
It was announced in 2012 that Frankel would have her own daytime show , but by the time it premiered in September of 2013 she and Hoppy had split .
The two did however still live together for some time after their split as Hoppy refused to move out of the $ 5million apartment that his then-estranged wife had purchased in Manhattan 's price Tribeca neighborhood .
He was able to do this because Frankel had purchased the property under a trust in which both she and Hoppy were named as beneficiaries .
Frankel was eventually forced to start living out of hotels as she found it too difficult to be in the same space as with Hoppy , which she did for over a year before buying a new apartment in Soho .
She was also required to pay for her ex 's lawyers and provide alimony in their divorce having been the more successful member of the couple .
The stress and sadness caused by her living situation and ongoing divorce drama was featured in the past two season of ` Housewives , ' which Frankel rejoined following a three-season hiatus from the show .
When Hoppy did finally move out of the apartment Frankel broke down in tears while she walked threw their former living space .
The emotional moment was featured on Hosuewives , and prior to that Frankel spoke about her return to the apartment on herSiriusXM radio show , B Real with Bethenny .
' I walked in and it just washed over me . I sobbed for hours . It was like this release , ' said Frankel .
' I thought it was going to be , like , the biggest party ever . I 'd be rollerskating through there with my top off , my t *** hanging out , so excited .
She then added : ` And there 's nothing good about any of it . It was all just remembering moving in there . It was a hideous experience , and I just did n't know how to even process the feeling . '



@summary
Jason Hoppy was arrested in New York City on Friday after allegedly trying to provoke ex-wife Bethenny Frankel into a fight and saying he would ` destroy her '

@summary
Frankel 's lawyer said his client also endured ` years of systematic bullying , harassment , stalking and torment on an almost daily basis ' by Hoppy

@summary
Hoppy also said in emails to Frankel ` I 'll never go away ' and ' -LSB- y -RSB- ou left me no choice but to go to extremes '

@summary
Hoppy , 46 , is denying the claims and was released shortly after being charged with harassment in the first degree and stalking in the fourth degree

@summary
` We look forward to having all the evidence and the truth exposed in a courtroom , ' Hoppy 's attorney told DailyMail.com

@summary
Frankel has not commented on the incident , fleeing the city with her 6-year-old daughter for the Hamptons over the weekend and then skiing in Vermont

