@title
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho hurting at Champions League exclusion and urges stars to finish in top four

@body
Jose Mourinho has urged Manchester United to step up their challenge for a top four place , admitting it hurts to be excluded from the Champions League .
United face Hull City at Old Trafford on Wednesday night looking to rediscover their winning form in the Premier League after draws with Liverpool and Stoke City .
Mourinho has had to be satisfied with Europa League football in his first season at the club , guiding United to a last 32 clash with St Etienne later this month .
But the two-time European Cup winner is among a small group of coaches -- including Sir Alex Ferguson , Arsene Wenger and Carlo Ancelotti -- who have taken charge of 100 Champions League games . He desperately wants to be back among Europe 's elite .
` Personally , I miss the Champions League , ' said Mourinho . ` Every match I do n't play in the Champions League means an incredible number of matches is not going up . I am the youngest one to be in the club of 100 . Every time I do n't play I am not happy .
` But obviously Manchester United is much more important than me . What matters is Manchester United , and as everyone knows , it 's a club that belongs to the Champions League .
` We shall do everything possible to make sure we are in it next season .
` We have two chances to be there : one is by winning the Europa League , the other is by finishing in the top four . Both achievable , both difficult , but we are going to work hard for that . '
The United boss revealed that Anthony Martial only did enough in last weekend 's FA Cup win over Wigan to earn a place on the bench on Wednesday night , and challenged the Frenchman to seize his opportunities .
` He has to perform better than the others who are competing for the same positions , ' he added .
` Do you want me to leave Henrikh Mkhitaryan out after he was man of the match and played so well ? I ca n't . The players pick themselves . Mkhitaryan has to play . Simple . '
Mourinho confirmed that Wayne Rooney will remain at Old Trafford for at least the rest of the season , despite the United captain being linked with a move to China where the transfer window stays open until the end of February .
He also insisted that United will continue to respect the FA Cup despite a growing fixture list following a fourth round weekend in which a number of Premier League and Championship clubs fielded under-strength teams .
` I did it once , in my first year in England , and I understood the mistake , ' he added .
` The FA Cup deserves respect . I will change players against Blackburn in the fifth round but I am not going with a team with seven kids . I will risk , but I ca n't do that . '


@summary
Manchester United face St Etienne in the Europa League this month

@summary
The Red Devils have spent much of last two decades in the Champions League

@summary
Jose Mourinho has urged his players to finish in the top four this season

@summary
Anthony Martial , meanwhile , will start on bench against Hull on Wednesday

@summary
Frenchman impressed for United in Sunday 's FA Cup victory over Wigan

