@title
Cristiano Ronaldo ` uses padding to make his package look bigger ' , Elisa De Panicis claims after the pair spent time together in Ibiza

@body
Cristiano Ronaldo uses padding to make his package look bigger , a woman who holidayed with him in Ibiza ahead of Euro 2016 has reportedly claimed .
The Real Madrid star is never afraid to show off what God gave him -- habitually removing his shirt to celebrate important goals and even stripping off to model his own underwear brand .
But Elisa De Panicis , a self-styled ` actress , singer , model and dancer ' , claims Ronaldo fakes the size of his package in advertising campaigns by padding out his pants , according to reports .
The pair met up in Ibiza ahead of Euro 2016 last summer , where Ronaldo enjoyed some time off after leading Real Madrid to the Champions League title in May .
Speaking on a reality TV show called Doble Tentacion -- ` Double Temptation ' -- De Panicis also said : ' I have a story about Cristiano Ronaldo . I was on a boat with some friends , and obviously I had his number because we had friends in common , so I texted him saying , ` Hey , how are you ? '
` One day when we were staying with each other , just as I had finished doing things with my father , I was in my pyjamas , I told him that I would come downstairs -LRB- to see him -RRB- .
` We spoke a little , it was March , and then we had a good time . We had fun , but I think it was nothing special .
` It 's a good friendship , I believe in him and support him in whatever decision he makes with his career or family . He is surrounded by good people , has a gorgeous son , and he knows how to enjoy life . '
2016 was a stellar year in Ronaldo 's illustrious career . After winning European honours with his club , the Real Madrid star led Portugal to their first major trophy at Euro 2016 .



@summary
Elisa De Panicis discussed her meetings with Cristiano Ronaldo on Chilean TV

@summary
The Real Madrid star spent time in Ibiza ahead of Euro 2016 last summer

@summary
Panicis claims ` we had a good time . We had fun , but I think it was nothing special '

@summary
Real Madrid news : Ronaldo and Real Madrid train ahead of Sporting Gijon clash

