@title
Get with the program or go ! White House 's ultimatum to more than 100 foreign service officers as they sign scathing complaint about travel ban

@body

State Department employees harboring anger about President Donald Trump 's travel ban are welcome to find a new place to work , the White House said Monday .
The 100 signatories of a dissent memo that 's circulating at State ` should either get with the program or they can go , ' White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer declared .
` At some point if they have a big problem with the policies that he 's instituting to keep the country safe , then that 's up to them to question whether or not they want to stay or not , ' Spicer told reporters during his daily briefing .
Scroll down for video
The cable , posted to web by the blog Lawfare , argues that Trump 's executive order barring the State Department from issuing visas to citizens of Sudan , Iran , Yemen , Iraq , Syria and Libya will not achieve its stated purpose , to protect the country from terrorism .
It further points out that countries such as Pakistan and Saudi Arabia are not included in the order , even though citizens of those countries have committed acts of terrorism in the United States in the past .
The executive action will ` immediately ' sour relations with the countries affected and ` much of the Muslim world , which sees the ban as religiously motivated , ' the dissenters write .
` It will increase anti-American sentiment , ' the draft memo argues , ` hostility towards the United States will grow . '
The State Department has confirmed the existence of the dissent cable , snippets of which appeared today in the Wall Street Journal .
` This is an important process that the acting secretary , and the department as a whole , respect and value , ' State Department spokesman Mark Toner said , according to the NYT . ` It allows State employees to express divergent policy views candidly and privately to senior leadership . '
Dissent cables like the one that 's making the rounds now are typically presented to the secretary of state . Trump 's nominee , Rex Tillerson , has not yet been confirmed Senate .
Barack Obama 's policy toward Syria was the source of consternation among career foreign service officers was last summer .
A group of 51 diplomats working in Washington and serving overseas urged the administration to intervene in the humanitarian crisis in Syria with military action .
Kerry graciously called the memo that was sent to his desk ` an important statement . '
' I respect the process , very , very much . I will ... have a chance to meet with people when I get back , ' he said during a visit to Copenhagen .
Trump 's White House took a more abrasive approach to dissenters of the immigration order the president signed Friday afternoon .
` The president has a very clear vision . He 's been clear on it since the campaign . He 's been clear on it since taking office , that he 's going to put the safety of this country first , ' Spicer said during his briefing . ` He 's going to implement things that are in the best interest of protecting this country prospectively , not reactively . '
He brought up polling showing that more Americans agree with the travel ban , that prohibits Syrians from coming the country indefinitely , than not and proclaimed that ` the American people support what the president is doing . '
They are ` pleased that this president is taking the steps necessary to protect this country , ' he said .
` If somebody has a problem with that agenda , then they should ques -- then that does call into question whether or not they should continue in that post or not , ' he said of State Department employees protesting the travel restrictions .
The White House on Friday asked four career State Department officials , including Patrick Kennedy , undersecretary for management , to quit who were appointees of the previous president , allowing them to submit their resignation , in line with protocol .
Toner , a hold-over from the Obama administration himself , said the political appointees were in ` limited term positions . '
News reports initially said that diplomats were quitting in protest of Trump , but a State Department official told CNN those reports were wrong .
` These people are loyal to the secretary , the President and to the State Department . There is just not any attempt here to dis the President . People are not quitting and running away in disgust . This is the White House cleaning house . '




@summary
State Department employees harboring anger about President Donald Trump 's travel ban are welcome to find a new place to work , White House declared

@summary
` They should either get with the program or they can go , ' White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said of diplomats signing a dissent memo

@summary
Draft of the dissent cable says Trump 's extreme vetting order will ` immediately ' sour relations with the countries affected and ` much of the Muslim world '

@summary
White House noted that Trump has been clear about his agenda - ` if somebody has a problem ... that does call into question whether or not they should continue '

