@title
Petting zoo at music festival Groovin The Moo CANCELLED after organisers faced backlash from vegans

@body
A music festival has cancelled its petting zoo event after they faced massive backlash from animal lovers .
It 's the first time the annual Groovin the Moo has been held at the South Australian city of Wayville , and boasted market stalls , bars and of course music .
But one activity , a petting zoo , has come under fire with protestors calling the festival an inappropriate ` environment for a petting zoo ' .
` Animals should not be forcibly subjected to loud music , drunk people and large crowds . '

Angry at the thought of animals in these conditions , Jaymie Hammond began an online petition to cancel the activity , which quickly gained traction and amassed 2500 signatures in just 24 hours .
It 's ` completely unethical and unnecessary to include this kind of animal abuse in a day that 's supposed to be about music , ' she wrote .
And many outraged animal lovers agreed with her .
' I am total -LSB- sic -RSB- disgusted that a music festival would have a patting zoo , clearly there has been no consideration what so ever for the wellbeing of the poor animals expected to attend this event , ' one woman wrote on the petition .
Another added : ` Such a horrible environment for animals to be enclosed in and thrust directly into thousand drunk people with loud music too . I have no idea how this awful concept was approved in the first place . '
` As an ethical vegan , I 'm against animal exploitation of any kind , at any time , musical festival or not , ' one woman wrote .
` Please rethink this totally unnecessary addition to your amazing event . '
While trying to recruit other groups to sign the petition another added : ` Groovin the Moo is planning a petting zoo at the gig and the Adelaide vegan community is up in arms about it .
` We are vehemently opposed to it as it exploits the animals and could potentially be very distressing for them . '
In response Groovin the Moo organisers told guests that they ` love animals just as much as you and would never do anything to put them in harm 's way ' .
` The petting zoo will be set up outside of the festival to greet you on your way into GTM , ' they wrote .
` It will operate between 9am-3pm and will be run by a registered petting zoo organisation . Stop by to say hello to our furry friends and then head inside to enjoy your day ! '
But this was n't ' enough to placate the protestors and they announced they were cancelling the petting zoo just hours later .
` We appreciate everyone 's feedback regarding the Petting Zoo .
` While we had the best of intentions , we understand your concerns and so we have decided not to go ahead with it . '
Wayville 's Groovin the Moo took place on Friday without a hitch and featured acts The Wombats , dance music duo PNAU and old school rockers The Darkness .

@summary
Music festival Groovin the Moo cancels petting zoo event after massive backlash

@summary
It 's the first time the popular festival was held in Wayville , South Australia

@summary
Protestors called the festival an inappropriate ` environment for a petting zoo '

@summary
One woman begun a petition to cancel the petting zoo entertainment

@summary
Groovin the Moo organisers tried to inform outraged animal lovers about the zoo

@summary
But they cancelled the petting zoo , being run by a registered organisation

