@title
Senate leader McConnell says he 's had ` conversations ' with Mitt Romney amid talk of Senate run -- but says he 's for 83-year old Orin Hatch if he decides to run in Utah again

@body
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he has spoken to failed GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , following reports that Romney is considering a run for the Senate .
McConnell , whose reputation for tactical acumen only grew with the culmination of his plan to put a conservative on the Supreme Court through extraordinary measures , continues to back longtime Utah Senator Orrin Hatch if he wants the seat .
Hatch was elected to the Senate in 1976 , and as the senior Republican and president pro tempore gaveled in a rules change that ended the judicial filibuster for Supreme Court nominees on Thursday .
` I 've had some conversations w mitt Romney . Obviously I 'm an Orrin Hatch supporter , ' McConnell told reporters in the Capitol Friday .
` Orrin has to decide what he wants to do . If he wants to run again I 'm for him , ' McConnell said .
Romney 's White House fortunes did n't work out , nor did his talks with President Trump to become secretary of state , but the former Massachusetts governor may have a political future after all .
Romney , according to reporting from the Atlantic , is thinking about running for the U.S. Senate in 2018 .
The 2012 GOP nominee , according to six sources familiar with the talks , has been actively discussing running for Senate in Utah , as Republican leaders and donors in the state have been quietly trying to convince 83-year-old incumbent , Sen. Orrin Hatch to retire .
Scroll down for video
Hatch seemingly gave his blessing when talking to National Journal last week .
` If I could get a really outstanding person to run for my position , I might very well consider -LSB- retiring -RSB- , ' Hatch said .
He even added , ` Mitt Romney would be perfect . '
Romney himself , according to the Atlantic , was caught by surprise by the headlines , which suggested Hatch was floating a trial balloon .
And Hatch moved to snuff out the fire .
In a statement to the Atlantic , the Utah senator said he was ` giving careful consideration as to whether I will seek re-election ' and has ` yet to make a final decision . '
` While it 's no secret that I hold Mitt Romney in extraordinarily high esteem , my musing aloud on the subject has apparently snowballed into a frenzy of premature speculation , ' Hatch said .
He added that the ` overhyped intrigue ... does n't reflect the reality of the situation , especially this soon after the last election . '
But Romney seems to be taking the suggestion seriously for a number of reasons .
Some Romney pals suggest the former Massachusetts governor is bored in retirement .
Also , if Hatch decides to retire , Romney would want someone of the Mormon faith in the Senate to defend the church , which he belongs to .
There 's also the fact that former Gov. Jon Huntsman , a Romney rival , said that he was interested in the seat .
Even though Huntsman will likely be deployed to Russia as ambassador for the Trump administration , Romney 's interest had already been piqued .
And then there 's the fact that if Romney ran , it would be a cake walk .
` It would be the easiest Senate bid in the history of the United States of America , ' Hal Boyd , the opinion editor of the Deseret News , told the Atlantic 's McKay Coppins .

@summary
Former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP nominee is thinking about running for Senate in Utah in 2018 , according to reporting from the Atlantic

@summary
Republicans in the state are reportedly trying to convince 83-year-old incumbent Sen. Orrin Hatch to retire at the end of his term

@summary
Senator Mitch McConnell says Hatch ` has to decide what he wants to do '

@summary
In a recent interview with National Journal , Hatch said he would retire if a suitable Republican replacement was found - and name-dropped Romney

@summary
Since then , Hatch has slightly walked those comments back , suggesting they 've created a ` frenzy of premature speculation '

@summary
However , Romney 's interest seems to have been piqued and political prognosticators in the state suggest he 'd win the race easily

