@title
Ever wondered how IKEA names their bathmats , frying pans and tables ? The secret taxonomy behind their product names revealed

@body
Next time you 're walking through IKEA looking for a Björksnäs kitchen table but end up with a Råskog stool , a Näckten bathmat , an Oumbärlig frying pan and a Nornäs wine rack instead , at least you 'll know where all those strange names come from .
The Swedish store is famous for their product names of seemingly impossible-to-pronounce words .
But their products are n't just given Swedish names at random - there are rules .
And what is an Oumbärlig anyways ? It 's actually the Swedish word for indispensable .
Bathroom articles : Names of Swedish lakes , watercourses
Bed textiles : Flowers and plants
Beds , wardrobes , hall furniture : Norwegian place-names
Bookcases : Professions , Scandinavian boys ' names
Bowls , vases , candle and candle holders : Swedish place-names , descriptive words , spices , herbs , fruits and berries
Boxes , wall decoration , pictures and frames , clocks : Swedish slang expressions , Swedish place-names
Children 's products : Mammals , birds , descriptive words
Desks , chairs and swivel chairs : Scandinavian boys ' names
Fabrics , curtains : Scandinavian girls ' names
Garden furniture : Scandinavian islands
Kitchen accessories : Fishes , mushrooms and descriptive words , sometimes the product-uses
Kitchens : Usually product uses , sometimes Swedish slang expressions and Swedish place-names
Lighting : Measurement units , seasons , months , days , shipping and nautical terms , Swedish place-names
Rugs : Danish place names
Sofas , armchairs , chairs and dining-tables : Swedish place names
IKEA 's naming team uses a database of Swedish words to assign each new product a name that conforms to a specific key .
There are a few exceptions , like products that are named after what they do or creative names that designers can suggest for their products . But most of the time each new item goes along with the rules , created by IKEA 's founder Ingvar Kamprad and his sister , Quartz revealed .
In IKEA 's early days , it was just a family-run business and his sister was responsible for naming the products .
The two came up with the naming strategy -- which is still used today across all IKEA 's international inventories -- because Ingvar has dyslexia and struggled to remember all the numbers in item codes .
` It was very clever and very typical of Ingvar and how inventive he is as an individual to come up with this idea of naming the products because they relate to something that he would then be able to remember , ' Marty Marston , a public relations manager for IKEA , told DailyMail.com .
She added : ` I find it really endearing and it 's kind of fun . '
Some of the naming categories overlap , so all desks , chairs and swivel chairs are named after Scandinavian boys ' names and bookcases are named after professions and Scandinavian boys ' names , too .
Then there are the Swedish places that name : bowls , wall decorations , pictures and frames , clocks -LRB- also named after Swedish slang -RRB- ; Couches , armchairs , chairs and dining tables ; and Lighting products -LRB- also named after units of measurement , seasons , months , days and shipping and nautical terms -RRB- .
Even IKEA 's name has another meaning .
It 's an acronym standing for Ingvar , Kamprad , Elmtaryd and Agunnaryd . Ingvar Kamprad is the name of the founder , Elmtaryd was his family 's farm and Agunnaryd was the village where Kaprad grew up .
So next time you 're walking through IKEA 's showroom , marveling at the Glansnäva and Mjölkört curtains or picking up an Älvsbyn chandelier , remember these rules and you 'll at least know where your new chandelier 's name comes from -LRB- it 's a Swedish municipality -RRB- .

@summary
IKEA founder Ingvar Kamprad is dyslexic , struggled to remember product codes

@summary
His sister was responsible for naming products in the company 's early days

@summary
Came up with a strategy that is still used today - they classify items

@summary
Sofas and armchairs named after Swedish places , kitchen products named after their uses so a Oumbärlig frying pan is actually called ` indispensable '

