@title
Rita Ora remains low-key as she emerges for first time since lending support at childhood haunt Grenfell tower 24 hours after horrific blaze

@body
Rita Ora was left heartbroken after she spent hours helping out at her ` childhood haunt ' Grenfell Tower where at least 30 people were killed in a horrific fire .
The pop star , 25 , appeared devastated on Friday as she headed out for the first time since lending a hand at the disaster site in North Kensington , London on Wednesday .
The I Will Never Let You Down hitmaker covered up her face while opting for comfort in a bright orange tracksuit , as she made her way into a waiting car following the tragic incident .
Scroll down for video
The towering blaze in the early hours of Wednesday morning claimed the lives of at least 30 victims while 70 residents remain unaccounted for .
The songstress pledged to do whatever she could for the residents after the disaster was deemed one of the worst fires in the UK 's history .
Rita stepped out , dressed in the same tangerine orange jumpsuit she had been wearing to help out at the Grenfell Tower relief effort .
As she departed the house , she covered her face while pulling a black baseball cap low over her face and peeling on a pair of bright blue shades .
The Voice coach has led the star-studded crowd of those helping out on the scene , including Brooklyn Beckham , Lily Allen and Adele , all of whom live close by .
On Wednesday , the singer was pictured carrying water and supplies around the site in White City , west London . The beauty worked tirelessly into the night to provide support for victims of the tragedy .
Joined by a group of friends , the musician seemed to be battling with her emotions as she visited the site less than 24 hours after the inferno .
The singer was seen carrying donations from the public , lifting heavy bottles of water and sorting through bin bags full of clothing .
Doing her bit for the relief effort , Rita helped late into the evening as she joined a large group of Londoners rallying around to support the devastated residents .
Sporting a casual look , the former X Factor judge blended into the crowd in her bright orange tracksuit bottoms and a baggy white T-shirt .
Rita also shared a clip of herself lending a helping hand on Snapchat , encouraging her followers to do the same .
` Please come and help if you can ' , she captioned an image of herself driving to west London .
The singer was n't the only star to show her support to Grenfell Tower residents since Adele was spotted at the scene .
Tottenham-native Adele made a stealthy appearance at the vigil being held to support victims and survivors , as a number of users , including @FourMee shared images of the star at the scene where she was emotional and reportedly ` hugged and comforted ' victims .
One Adele fan account , claimed she was offering support to those in need , penning : ` Adele was going around and hugging everyone she could to comfort them ' .
Other Twitter users who discovered Adele 's attendance quickly penned : ` i 'm so proud stanning a humble & genuine human being like you . i love you so much , queen ❤ @Adele ... Adele was going around and hugging everyone she could to comfort them ...
This comes after Rita sent her prayers to the victims of Wednesday morning 's horror blaze in a tower block , which she revealed was one of her childhood hangouts .
The How We Do singer took to Instagram just hours after the tragedy to extend her wishes to the residents of Grenfell Tower after the fire , reportedly caused by a faulty fridge .
As she shared an image of the burning tower with details of how to help emblazoned over the top , she added a caption in which she lamented the disaster that hit her beloved west London in the early hours .
Rita was born in Kosovo before her parents - a psychiatrist mother and pub landlord father - fled the country and moved to the UK when Rita was just one .
She has always been proud of her London roots , growing up around Earls Court , before later moving to Kensal Rise - a stone 's throw away from White City , where the blaze took place .
The fire that swept through the 27-storey tower block in just 15 minutes after a faulty fridge exploded could be one of the worst in British history amid fears nobody on its top three floors survived .
12 people are known to have died after fire engulfed Grenfell Tower in White City after 1am - but Scotland Yard expects the death toll to rise and some claim the actual number could be over 50 .
A host of celebrities have been throwing their support behind the massive operation to help support , house and donate to those left homeless in the terror .
As she shared a snap detailing the locations members of the public could donate , she added a caption reading : ` This is my neighbourhood I ca n't believe this is happening .
` My prayers are with everybody involved my heart is beating so fast . I used to play in that block - I want to do all I can do to help . '
Previously speaking to the Evening Standard about her childhood , Rita said : ` We lived in Earls Court , on the Old Brompton Road . One room for all four of us , my sister annoying me by doing her times tables when I was trying to sleep . '
Her brother Don was born in 1998 and the family upped sticks and moved North to Kensal Rise , when her father purchased the Queen 's Arms pub in Kilburn .

On Wednesday bodies were strewn through the charred Grenfell block including in its lobby and undertakers were seen removing the dead in a delicate and treacherous recovery operation set to last several days .
A series of blunders are being blamed for the disaster with residents claiming there were no working fire alarms , no sprinklers and the only staircase leading to safety was blocked .
A community leader working to locate victims , who asked not to be named , believes nobody who lived on the top three residential floors survived and the building that was home to 600 people could soon collapse .
He said : ` We have a list of missing people - there are so many . It 's possible there are more than 50 , possibly hundreds ' .
Those who managed to flee said it was ` like hell on earth ' inside as they scrambled over dead bodies and petrified residents were seen throwing themselves and their children out of windows to avoid being burned to death - others made ropes by tying bed sheets together or used them as makeshift parachutes and jumped .



@summary
Pop star , 25 , visited the site less than 24 hours after horrific blaze left at least 12 dead

@summary
More than 70 of the block 's 500 residents remain unaccounted for , more than two days on from the fire

@summary
Rita and her friends joined local residents and fellow volunteers to sort through donations of water and supplies

@summary
The I Will Never Let You Down hitmaker revealed she used to play in the block

