@title
Carer mother-of-three screams ` my babies ' as she 's jailed for 11 months for stealing # 30,000 from a 96-year-old man to fund her gambling addiction

@body
A carer and mother-of-three who stole nearly # 30,000 from a 96-year-old man to pay for her gambling addiction has been jailed for 44 weeks .
Emma Louise Clarke , from Fleetwood , cried as she screamed ` my babies ' when she was sentenced to an immediate jail term .
Preston Crown Court heard that Clarke stole approximately # 29,035.16 from the vulnerable pensioner , helping herself to # 300 a day from his account with his card at an ATM .
She would put the money in her own account at the same machine .

Investigations later showed how she had tried to disguise transactions by naming them ` insurance ' - and revealed she had blown # 17,000 on gambling websites .
Due to the victim 's vulnerability he is thought to be unaware of the circumstances , and the court was told police decided not to obtain a statement from him due to the potential to distress him .
At the time Clarke worked for the now defunct care firm CIC in Fleetwood , which assisted the 96-year-old , who has no family , with his cooking , cleaning and household chores .
He needed four visits a day to assist him .
Clarke resigned after suspicions came to light about her inappropriate behaviour towards the pensioner , but she then continued working as an independent carer for him , and carried on stealing his life savings over a seven month period .
His # 23,000 bank balance , which was regularly topped up by pension and benefit payments , dwindled and he soon became overdrawn .
Prosecutor Neil Ronan said : ` The victim is a 96-year-old man with age related and mobility issues .
` The defendant resigned from the care firm in December 2014 when her partner attended their premises with a chequebook and raised concerns she may have been stealing .
` Concerns were expressed she continued to provide care for him and would turn up at his home with her children .
` She put her phone number in his phone .
` One carer overheard him asking for his bank card .
` Another carer noticed he had very little food in his fridge and he told her he had not had his bank card for a few days .
` He believed the defendant was still working for the firm .
` She was able to use money from his account for everyday living while she spent money on gambling . '
Mitigating , Paul Darnborough , said she had been in an abusive relationship for 15 years and had been diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder .
He added : ` These matters have been a salutary lesson to her . '
Recorder Clarke was handed an emotional letter from her 14-year-old daughter begging him not to send her mother to prison .
He said : ' I was moved by the letter from your daughter but there is no getting away from the fact these are serious offences . '


@summary
Emma Louise Clarke , who has three children , has been jailed for 44 weeks

@summary
She took # 300 a day from a vulnerable man she was meant to be caring for

@summary
She would cover the transactions up with ` insurance ' as she took the money out from his bank and put it into her own

