@title
Hero girl , 12 , saves her seven-year-old sister from being abducted by a carjacker when her family stopped to help him after he crashed his vehicle

@body

A 12-year-old girl is being hailed a hero after she saved her little sister from being abducted by a carjacker , who had moments before crashed his car in front of them on a Virginia road .
Brandie Weiler and her two daughters , Maddie , 12 , and seven-year-old Mollie , were traveling to Busch Gardens on Saturday when two cars crashed in front of them .
Their mother pulled over to help the victims , whose cars collided on the corner of John Taylor Highway and Greensprings Road , when Paul Salsman allegedly approached her van , according to News 3 .
While Brandie was calling 911 , Salsman , who reportedly caused the accident , stuck his hand inside of her car , unlocked the door and climbed in .
' I could see him going towards the van , and I 'm screaming , ' said Brandie .
Maddie and Mollie were still inside the car when Salsman allegedly got in .
But a quick-thinking Maddie , started punching Salsman and screaming for help as he attempted to steal her mother 's car .
She then put the vehicle in drive because she knew the van had a ` safety feature ' .
Maddie said she knew the safety feature would keep Salsman from starting the van .
Maddie , who suffered a fractured growth plate in her wrist , told News 3 that Salsman said he needed to ` get to this place ' and immediately after he said that she knew she had to do something .
' I just went for it , ' she told the station .
` Nothing passed my mind except , `` He is a psycho and he needs to get out of the car , '' she said .
Maddie 's actions bought Mollie enough time to get out of the vehicle safely .
' I thought he was going to take us , ' Mollie told News 3 . Maddie and Mollie come from a family of police officers and firefighters .
And according to the station , their father , Steven Weiler , has gone over several scenarios , similar to the one that occurred , with them .
` She has always been told if anyone tries to take you , kick , scream , bite , hit , gouge out their eyes , whatever you have to do , ' their dad said .

Salsman was charged with three counts of felony carjacking , felony hit and run and driving under the influence of drugs .
Authorities said he had tried to steal two other cars prior to their arrival .


@summary
Brandie Weiler was traveling along a Virginia road with her two daughters

@summary
Maddie , 12 , and Mollie , seven , witnessed two cars collide in front of mom 's van

@summary
Brandie stopped to help the people who crashed and a man tried to steal car

@summary
Paul Salsman allegedly unlocked her van door and got inside with her daughters

@summary
Maddie punched Salsman while screaming for help and activated the safety feature on her mother 's van so he could n't drive off

@summary
Her actions gave her little sister enough time to exit the van safely , police said

