@title
Relentless Antonio Conte is out for revenge as Chelsea prepare for trip to face Jurgen Klopp 's Liverpool

@body
If this rout of Championship side Brentford was the easiest assignment of Antonio Conte 's Chelsea tenure so far , the Italian knows the hardest may be just around the corner .
The Blues will be on a revenge mission when they travel to fourth-placed Liverpool for a crucial Premier League encounter on Tuesday night .
Liverpool 's victory at Stamford Bridge in September saw many writing off Chelsea 's title ambitions . But that defeat sparked this remarkable current run .
Chelsea 's humbling of their West London neighbours on Saturday made it a perfect 10 wins from 10 on home soil since that sobering reverse to Jurgen Klopp 's side .
Asked if his team were transformed since then , Conte replied : ` For sure it 's true .
` After that game I said that Liverpool is already a team and Chelsea is not a team .
` After four months a lot of things are changed in my team . We are growing a lot , improving a lot and we have good confidence .
` It will be more difficult for Liverpool if you compare the game here with this game at Anfield . '
If Chelsea were licking their wounds then , Liverpool are doing the same now after three home defeats in a week . Conte knows to be wary of a reaction .
` We know this type of situation , ' he said . ` Liverpool now is very tough for us because they had bad defeats and for this reason their focus will be very high .
` We must pay great attention because when you arrive after three defeats you are very dangerous and very angry . It wo n't be easy on Tuesday .
` I 'm sure that Liverpool is one of the teams that can fight to the end to win the title . '
But a Chelsea victory would put them 13 points clear of their fierce rivals with 15 games to go .
Conte has not been to Anfield as a player or a manager before and is looking forward to his first experience .
` To play a game there is exciting , ' he said with a smile . ' I repeat we must pay great attention because of the great atmosphere and Liverpool is a really good team . They have a good coach and really good players .
` The crowd pushes them a lot and we must pay attention to this atmosphere because it will help them but we have to play our football .
` We 'll try to play with good intensity , with good attention and then we 'll see what happens . '
Brentford provided the gentlest of warm-ups . Conte made nine changes to his team but Chelsea still swatted the Bees aside without breaking sweat .
Nearly 6,000 made the six-mile journey to cheer on Dean Smith 's men , but their hopes of a shock were extinguished after only 21 minutes .
Willian curled in a superb free-kick from the edge of the penalty area , and the tie was over as a contest when Pedro converted Michy Batshuayi 's incisive pass to double the lead .
Branislav Ivanovic -- the subject of interest from West Brom whose manager Tony Pulis was watching from the stands -- came on with a quarter of the game to go and added gloss to the scoreline and , so too perhaps , his nine-year Chelsea career .
The Serbian made it three with a powerful drive after being played in by the brilliant Pedro , before Ivanovic was tripped inside the penalty area by Yoann Barbet nine minutes from time .
Diego Costa had come on to stretch his legs by then but decided to hand the responsibility to Batshuayi who completed the scoring from the spot . The real work for Costa and Conte will come at Anfield .

@summary
Chelsea breezed past Championship side Brentford in the FA Cup fourth round

@summary
Antonio Conte 's Chelsea come up against Liverpool in league on Tuesday

@summary
Liverpool won the match when the sides met at Stamford Bridge in September

@summary
Read : Chelsea keeper Begovic admits he wants to leave for first team football

