@title
Hotter than hell ! Southwest braces itself for record-shattering , week-long heat wave with temperatures of up to 123 degrees across the region

@body
When bracing for 120 degrees , it 's all about the water .
Drinking it , splashing in it to stay cool , and drinking it some more . A lot more .
That 's what officials were urging and residents were planning Friday as a potentially record-shattering heat wave started enveloping the Southwest United States , threatening to bring temperatures of more than 120 degrees to parts of Arizona and California next week .
People in places like Palm Springs and Phoenix are used to seriously high temperatures , but 120 degrees becomes all the talk around the water cooler . And with the health dangers of heat and dehydration , that 's where authorities hope they keep coming back .
Teresa Flores in Phoenix said she will make sure her two sons and daughter stay hydrated .
` Water , water , water , water , ' Flores said . ` So even when they think they 're not thirsty , they 're drinking water . '
Jennifer Vollmann brought her 2-year-old daughter to a public pool in downtown Phoenix , where the temperature hit 108 Thursday . With 121 degrees predicted Tuesday , ` we 'll be here , she 'll be in the pool , ' Vollmann said as her daughter ate a blue ice pop .
Strong high pressure building over Western states is bringing the hot onslaught .
Officials warned of excessive heat across southern portions of Arizona and Nevada , and throughout the 450-mile length of California 's Central Valley . Almost the entire Golden State was predicted to simmer above normal temperatures , easing just short of the coast .
With up to 122 on the horizon , Palm Springs will have cooling centers in community centers and libraries , and Phoenix and nonprofit groups are planning water stations to help the homeless and others .
Palm Springs has soared above 120 several times , most recently hitting 122 on June 29 , 2013 .
The National Weather Service in Phoenix said the last time the temperature topped 120 was 1995 , at 121 . The record high is 122 degrees , set on June 26 , 1990 .
In the Arizona desert near the U.S.-Mexico border , the heat can be so deadly that the Border Patrol reassigns agents and resources to areas that are especially dangerous for immigrants .
` It is physically impossible for the average person to carry enough water to survive several days of walking through the desert , ' the agency said in a statement .
The area saw more than 1,400 rescues and 84 deaths last fiscal year , according to statistics provided by the agency . Through April , agents in the Tucson Sector have rescued 160 people and reported 14 deaths .
Las Vegas and nearby cities also are preparing for the first heat wave of the season with extra cooling stations . Tuesday 's high was expected to hit 115 .
With the three-day outdoor Electric Daisy Carnival music festival kicking off Friday , organizers used social media to encourage attendees to stay hydrated . It was providing free water during the nighttime event , which has drawn more than 130,000 people in past years .
In California , forecasters said prolonged heat would make snow melt faster in the Sierra Nevada , where massive winter storms coated towering peaks after years of drought . Waterways could flood , with vacationers warned to be cautious near water and avoid camping close to streams .
Camp counselor Sabrina Chu , 17 , said she and others in San Francisco were having kids drink lots of water while playing outdoors . The city was expected to have a high of 82 Sunday , well above the normal upper 60s .
` Compared to other places in California , the Bay has pretty consistent weather , so this is unusually hot for the area , ' Chu said .
In Southern California , inland valleys , mountains and deserts would likely bear the brunt of the heat wave . Cities such as Redlands and Fontana east of Los Angeles planned to use community facilities as cooling centers .
Back at the pool in Phoenix , Vollmann sounded a note of optimism about temperatures ` cooling down . '
` It 'll be 110 soon , ' she said .

@summary
Parts of the southwest are preparing for 120 degree temperatures next week

@summary
Strong high pressure building over Western states is bringing the hot onslaught

@summary
Officials warned of excessive heat across southern portions of Arizona and Nevada , and throughout the 450-mile length of California 's Central Valley

@summary
Palm Springs is expecting to see a day with temperatures reaching 122 degrees

@summary
Las Vegas is expecting 115 degree temps as well

@summary
Even San Francisco , which usually stays in the 60 's , will see temps around 82

