@title
Bee in your bonnet ? Driver , 57 , is left stranded after a swarm of 20,000 bees set up home in her Nissan

@body
A shocked woman was left stranded at home when she found 20,000 stinging bees in the bonnet of her car .
Shirley Taylor , 57 , found the huge swarm had taken up residence inside her Nissan car while it was parked outside her home .
Thousands of the honey bees settled down in the bonnet - leaving poor Shirley unable to use her vehicle .
Shirley said : ' I was just arriving back home when I got a text from a neighbour telling me to be careful as a swarm of bees were over my car .
` Another neighbour contacted a beekeeper who later arrived from Beverley . They were outside my car initially but have moved into the bonnet .
` The beekeeper told me she had never seen anything like it before and that bees normally take up home in trees .
` But I live in a built up area and there are not many trees around here . '
It remains a mystery why the insects have made a beeline for the unfortunate woman 's car and she does n't have a clue where they have come from .
She added : ' I have no idea where they have come from and why they have chosen my car but it looks like the queen is here and they all follow her .
` My husband is a bit of a joker and said it is probably due to the Bee Gees CD in the car .
` The beekeeper said it may have something to do with scent but I do n't want to damage my car with bleach . I only bought it in September .
` The other option is to draw them away by bringing larvae but who knows if that will work .
' I am certainly learning more about bees than I ever have before . '
Chairman of the Beverley Beekeepers ' Association , Chris Coulson , is tackling the problem on Monday afternoon .
He said : ` We do not know why the bees are there but we are into the swarming season .
` What can happen is that if a hive becomes too big a second queen can form and move away with a colony of around 20,000 bees which is what has happened here .
` We do n't know if they have made the car their permanent home or whether it is temporary .
` We will try to entice them away with larvae and young bees but that could take up to 12 hours . '
The bees could prove a major headache for Shirley , from Hull , East Yorkshire , and may have to be destroyed .
Mr Coulson explained : ` It is a very complex job and one of the beekeepers told me the bees are already producing wax and comb .
` The bees could stay here for several years if they have made it their permanent home . If she wants her car back the bees may have to be done away with . '


@summary
Shirley Taylor , of Hull , found a huge swarm of bees under the bonnet of her car

@summary
She has ` no idea where they have come from ' or why they settled in her motor

@summary
Experienced beekeepers are now trying to ` entice ' the invading bees elsewhere

