@title
Rise of the bromance : More straight young men are forming intimate friendships thanks to a decline in homophobia

@body
More and more young men are embracing the benefits of non-sexual ` bromances ' with close male friends , a new study has shown .
Young men 's same-sex relationships are becoming more emotional and intimate , allowing them to achieve a new level of closeness .
This means they are more likely to share intimate secrets with their friends than their girlfriends .
And researchers believe that a decline in homophobia is to thank for the rise of the bromance .
Scroll down for video
Researchers conducted interviews with 30 heterosexual men .
Participants were asked about their involvement in and openness to secret sharing , emotional intimacy , bed sharing , nudity and kissing other men .
An analysis of the results showed that each of the 30 men had had at least one bromantic friend at some point in time .
The men were unanimous in describing what the bromance entailed , and how it positively impacted their lives .
They agreed that deep emotional disclosure is essential in bromances .
For example , many noted that they could only fully discuss matters such as health issues or sexual desires in complete confidence with their bromantic friends , and not with family or girlfriends .
Researchers from the University of Winchester were interested in understanding why lots of young men are socially encouraged to enjoy deep , emotional and physically intimate friendships .
To investigate this , the researchers conducted interviews with 30 heterosexual men studying sports degrees at university .
The study aimed to examine what the men understood bromances to be , to what extent they privileged the relationship , and how they were enacted .
Participants were asked about their involvement in and openness to secret sharing , emotional intimacy , bed sharing , nudity and kissing other men .
An analysis of the results showed that each of the 30 men had had at least one bromantic friend at some point in time .
The men were unanimous in describing what the bromance entailed , and how it positively impacted their lives .
They agreed that deep emotional disclosure is essential in bromances .
For example , many noted that they could only fully discuss matters such as health issues or sexual desires in complete confidence with their bromantic friends , and not with family or girlfriends .
Dr Stefan Robinson , lead author of the study , said : ` They were clear that a bromance offers a deep sense of unburdened disclosure and emotionality based on trust and love . '
In 2014 , a study found that the majority of male athletes spoon each other when sharing beds with their teammates .
Researchers found that 97.5 per cent of heterosexual , male college athletes have shared a bed with another man and 93.5 per cent admit to having indulged in spooning .
The scientists from Winchester and Durham Universities say the athletes even spooned with others who were not necessarily close friends .
The researchers believe that the acceptance of bromances is highly dependent on cultural attitudes towards homosexuality .
Dr Robinson said : ` The absence of sexual attraction distinguishes these men as heterosexual to both themselves and others , and shows that the men share a progressive understanding that love can exist between two people without the need or requirement for sex with each other . '
The results indicate that bromances have become widespread in university culture , and that men see these relationships as real and not a fantasy , according to the researchers .
The team is now urging academics to see bromances as an important factor in the everyday lives of men .
Dr Robinson added : ` For those dealing with depressive symptoms or social anxieties , bromances may offer a way forward and a coping strategy . '


@summary
Thirty heterosexual university students were surveyed on their friendships

@summary
All of them said they had had at least one bromance at some point in time

@summary
Researchers believe the acceptance of bromances is highly dependent on cultural attitudes towards homosexuality

