@title
Arsenal on-loan midfielder Jack Wilshere reveals religion has helped him during his long injury lay-offs

@body
Jack Wilshere has revealed his religion has helped him during his many injury lay-offs in his career so far .
The Arsenal midfielder , on loan at Bournemouth , has seen his early ability and promise compromised by a series of knocks which saw him forced out of the first team in north London and forced to seek first team action on the south coast .
Wilshere said , while he does not go to church every Sunday , he considers himself to be a Christian and asked for tolerance towards peoples ' different beliefs .
He told Kicca : ` Of course I believe in God and stuff but I 'm not that religious . I was christened as a kid and I 've had my kids christened so I always think it 's nice to have that .
` Sometimes , you know what it 's like , you 're sat there thinking about everything , and everything runs through your head and you think `` Oh I wonder if there is a God '' , and I think there is . I do believe in that side of Christianity . There are players in the team who are really religious and everyone has their different views . You 've got to respect that . '
' I think it has helped me through injuries a little bit . One thing that keeps me going through injuries is getting that feeling of running back on the pitch . '
Wilshere made just 17 starts in two seasons at Arsenal between 2014 and 2016 as he struggled through injury , and although he was picked for England at Euro 2016 he looked unfit and put in some poor performances .
He could be looking at another spell on the sidelines too , after limping off with an ankle knock in Bournemouth 's 4-0 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur .

@summary
Jack Wilshere says he believes in God and his faith has helped when injured

@summary
Wilshere has struggled with injuries which cost him his place in Arsenal 's team

@summary
He also said it is ` important ' to respect the numerous other faiths of team mates

@summary
Read : Jack Wilshere 's ankle is not broken but Bournemouth face anxious wait

