@title
Harry Kane joins the Premier League elite , Tottenham equal a 97-year record and ` Wenger In ' scarves : Eight things you may have missed from Tottenham 4-0 Bournemouth

@body

Tottenham kept the pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea with a comfortable 4-0 win over Bournemouth at White Hart Lane .
Mousa Dembele , Son Heung-min and Harry Kane scored for Mauricio Pochettino 's side before Vincent Janssen netted his first Premier League goal of 2017 .
If you were too busy to catch everything , fear not -- Sportsmail 's eagle eyes did not miss a trick .
Wemainers out in force at White Hart Lane
Arsene Wenger has been the scourge of rivals Tottenham for much of his 21-year tenure .
Every time Spurs have looked to shift the balance of power in north London , Wenger 's side have conspired to finish the season ahead of their rivals .
But with Tottenham sitting 14 points ahead of Arsenal at kick-off and Gunners calling for ` Wexit ' in increasing numbers , Wenger has found support from an unlikely source - the White Hart Lane faithful .
Among the scarves on sale before the clash against Bournemouth was one that read ` Arsene Wenger we want you to stay ! ' . Vote Wemain .
Kane joins an elite band of Premier League strikers
Harry Kane added gloss to the scoreline for Tottenham , netting their third early in the second half .
The goal was his first since March 5 and took his tally in the league to 20 for the campaign .
The England international is now the first Tottenham striker ever to score 20 + goals in the Premier League in three consecutive seasons .
In fact , only Ruud Van Nistelrooy -LRB- 2001-4 -RRB- , Thierry Henry -LRB- 2001-6 -RRB- and Alan Shearer -LRB- 1993-7 -RRB- have achieved the feat . Some company .
Solidarity with Leyton Orient
Amid the calls for new managers and million-pound investment to solve ` crises ' , it 's easy for supporters of Premier League clubs to forget how trivial their problems can be when compared to teams lower down the league ladder .
Less than five miles separate White Hart Lane and Brisbane Road . But for supporters of Leyton Orient , Tottenham must feel like a world away .
With their club facing relegation and the possibility of administration - even liquidation - Orient fans have launched the Leyton Orient Regeneration Fund . And some of them were collecting before kick-off at White Hart Lane hoping to edge closer to their initial target of # 250,000 .
Tottenham 's record-equalling winning streak
After victory over Bournemouth , Mauricio Pochettino 's side have now won 12 home matches in a row in the Premier League .
They have not dropped points at White Hart Lane since the 1-1 draw with Leicester in October .
Not since the 1919-20 season have Spurs enjoyed such a winning run at home in a single season .
Their longest perfect home streak remains the 14 they managed in 1987 . But that came across two seasons .
Benik Afobe is another ex-Gooner to labour at Spurs
Jack Wilshere 's struggles against Arsenal 's north London rivals on Sunday passed no-one by , not least the home supporters at White Hart Lane .
But his former Gunners ' team-mate , Benik Afobe , had little to cheer about either .
In the first half , two of the four passes the striker completed came from kick-off .
By the time he was subbed with 13 minutes to play he had managed only seven in total . And NONE in the attacking third .
Spurs show their strength in depth
Full backs are a key component of Tottenham 's gameplan and Kieran Trippier is used to playing second fiddle to Kyle Walker . The 26-year-old has started only three Premier League matches this campaign .
But after a man-of-the-match performance against Watford last time out , Trippier could be forgiven for expecting to keep his place .
Mauricio Pochettino had different ideas , however , and recalled Walker -- a mark of how integral the England right back has been for his side .
With Ben Davies impressive again at left back and Eric Dier slotting into midfield in the absence of the returning Victor Wanyama , Tottenham are proving they have a wealth of options to challenge Chelsea .

Janssen scores when he wants
One of the loudest cheers of the day came in stoppage time when Vincent Janssen netted his first Premier League goal of the calendar year .
The Dutchman has struggled this season as Harry Kane 's understudy and his performances have been the source of ridicule among supporters of other clubs .
But he finally broke his duck on Saturday and the Spurs fans reacted with the comical chant : ` Vincent Janssen , he scores when he wants ! '
And finally ... football fans embrace the spirit of Easter
The festive period is one of the most popular periods of the Premier League season .
Christmas hats and Santa impersonators are a common sight during the relentless run of games that often have a critical impact on the title race
On Saturday , one supporter at White Hart Lane continued the tradition -- getting into the spirit of Easter by wearing a chicken on his head .
Does n't he look excited ?

@summary
Tottenham were comprehensive 4-0 winners against Bournemouth on Saturday

@summary
Mousa Dembele , Son Heung-min , Harry Kane and Vincent Janssen scored

@summary
Kane 's goal brought up a personal milestone , while the win was record-equalling

@summary
Tottenham fans also showed their support for Arsene Wenger and Leyton Orient

@summary
Here are eight things you may have missed from the clash at White Hart Lane

