@title
Leaping lizards ! Poached reptile genitals used to boost SEX drive

@body
There is a new entry in the bizarre world of illegal wildlife trade in India .
Enforcement agencies have discovered that the big monitor lizard -LRB- genus Varanus -RRB- -- found across deserts , forests and coastlines of the country -- is being poached for its sexual organ -LRB- hemipenis -RRB- .
These organs are being sold as a lucky charm for virility and fertility in men .
Because of its forked appearance , it is called ` hatha jodi ' . This is often used to confuse customers with the popular Ayurvedic plant ` hath jod ' , which serves to mend bone fractures .
The Madhya Pradesh special task Force -LRB- MPSTF -RRB- seized 68 pieces of the tiny reptile body part from four poachers in raids in Indore and Khargone from June 16-17 .
One of those arrested was a priest of the famous Navagraha temple of Khargone , who was found in possession of 13 hatha jodi .
` This also points towards the artificially created religious beliefs around hatha jodi , ' said RP Singh , additional principal chief conservator of forests -LRB- wildlife -RRB- of MP .
Many pieces have been found smeared with vermillion around temples in the past few days . Three traders -- Sumit Sharma , Sachin Sharma and Feroze Ali -- were nabbed from Indore with 10 pieces of the contraband .
Lokesh Jagirdar , the Navagraha temple priest , was also arrested on June 16 .
On Saturday , the trail led to their alleged supplier , Rajesh Porwal , who was taken into custody from Indore .
Officers said the items were most probably procured from western MP or the Thar Desert of Rajasthan , where the stony and desert topography harbours large populations of the lizard .
Each piece was being sold for anywhere between ` 500 to ` 15,000 -LRB- # 6 - # 181 -RRB- depending on how naive or desperate the buyer is .
` So many false pretexts are given , ranging from boosted sex life to success in lucky draws and gambling and prosperity in business . Unfortunately , with increasing prosperity in towns like Ujjain , Indore and Ratlam , people are willing to shell out the money as well , ' Singh said .
Dr Sumit Dookia , herpetologist and professor at Delhi 's Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University , said : ` India has four varieties of these reptiles -- Bengal , Yellow , Desert and Water Monitor Lizard .
` Their habitat is distributed across the middle Himalayas to Western Ghats . They are expert terrestrial animals as well as great swimmers . '
He added : ` Notably , they serve an important role in the ecosystem as scavengers , eating up the flesh of dead animals alongside eggs , insects , small birds and animals .
` Any downfall in their numbers is unhealthy for the ecosystem . '
The reptile is a Schedule 1 species under the India 's Wildlife Protection Act , 1972 , and IUCN -LRB- International Union for Conservation of Nature -RRB- prohibits trade in the Bengal Monitor Lizard .
Additional director of the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau -LRB- WCCB -RRB- , Tilottama Verma , said : ` Previously , we had found 210 hatha jodis in Brahmeswarpatna area of Odisha on May 30 .
` And 22 such pieces were confiscated in Hyderabad in March , taking the confirmed number of big lizards killed for their genitals to 300 at least .
` Some such items were seized in Chennai too .
` We have long known monitor lizards to be killed sporadically for their meat , fat and oil , consumed in mostly some tribal areas . But hatha jodis certainly came as a surprise to us .
` We sent them to various scientific labs to ascertain their true origin , ' he added .
The items are also being sold online , even on big global e-tail firms .
` We had launched Operation Wildnet to get hold of such unscrupulous elements a few months back , which has so far been successful . This racketis a cause of worry for us , ' Verma said .

@summary
Monitor lizard genitals are being sold in various states as an aphrodisiac

@summary
The sexual organs are also used as a cure for infertility

@summary
Agencies have swooped on those involved in the bizarre trade , seizing 68 pieces of the tiny reptile body part

@summary
See more news from India at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome

