@title
Megyn Kelly says she is ` disappointed ' after being fired as host of Sandy Hook gala that pays tribute to victims over Alex Jones interview - and calls his conspiracy theories ` revolting '

@body
Megyn Kelly is continuing to feel the heat over her decision to interview InfoWars ' host Alex Jones for her Sunday news magazine this week .
Sandy Hook Promise , an organization that was created in memory of the 20 students and six staff members who were massacred in the 2012 school shooting in Newton , Connecticut , announced on Monday that Kelly would no longer host one of their annual Promise Champions Gala ,
That announcement came just two days before Kelly was set to take the stage at the event on Wednesday night in Washington DC .
The decision made by the non-profit organization also leaves Kelly with a big gap in her episode that will be airing this Sunday , as she planned to film the gala to run alongside her interview with Jones .
That plan went up in smoke however when she managed to draw the ire of Sandy Hook parents , who lashed out loud and quick as they attacked Kelly for allowing Jones ' ideas to be heard by her audience of 6million .
Kelly responded to the controversy on Friday in a statement , saying she wa ` disappointed ' but also ` respected the decision ' of the charity .
Scroll down for video
' I understand and respect the decision of the event organizers but I 'm of course disappointed that I wo n't be there to support them on Wednesday night , ' began Kelly in her statement .
' I find Alex Jones 's suggestion that Sandy Hook was `` a hoax '' as personally revolting as every other rational person does . '
She then explained : It left me , and many other Americans , asking the very question that prompted this interview : how does Jones , who traffics in these outrageous conspiracy theories , have the respect of the president of the United States and a growing audience of millions ? '
Kelly then offered theories , stating : ` President Trump , by praising and citing him , appearing on his show , and giving him White House press credentials , has helped elevate Jones , to the alarm of many . '
` Our goal in sitting down with him was to shine a light - as journalists are supposed to do - on this influential figure , and yes - to discuss the considerable falsehoods he has promoted with near impunity , ' said Kelly .
That statement came roughly 12 hours after news broke that Sandy Hook promise would no longer work with Kelly .
` Sandy Hook Promise can not support the decision by Megyn or NBC to give any form of voice or platform to Alex Jones and have asked Megyn Kelly to step down as our Promise Champion Gala host , ' said Nicole Hockley , co-Founder and Managing Director of Sandy Hook Promise , in a statement annoucning the NBC hostw as out .
` It is our hope that Megyn and NBC reconsider and not broadcast this interview . '
That statement came after family members and friends of the victims in Newtown , Connecticut took to social media on Monday and implored Kelly to not air the interview .
Their outcry was over comments made by Jones in the wake of the deadly shooting , which he continues to share almost five years later despite a lack of substantive proof backing up his outlandish theory .
Jones initially argued that the government was behind the murders , but later amended that conspiracy to say that there were no deaths at Sandy Hook and the victims were played by child actors .
On Monday , he changed that stance again , telling InfoWars ' listeners that he now believes Sandy Hook did happen , and that children died there .
He claimed that his remarks to that effect had been edited from the promotional clip , and added : ` I 'm tired of being misrepresented . '
JP Morgan Chase also pulled its advertising from Kelly 's upcoming episode featuring the right-wing conspiracy theorist , that is still scheduled to air at 7/6pm central on NBC this Sunday . .
Soon after a report emerged claiming that the company was pulling their TV spots , Chief Marketing Officer Kristin Lemkau confirmed that claim and voiced her disdain with the network and Kelly on Twitter .
` As an advertiser , I 'm repulsed that @megynkelly would give a second of airtime to someone who says Sandy Hook and Aurora are hoaxes . Why ? ' she fumed .





The former Fox News host shared a preview of her sit-down with Jones , the popular and very polarizing host of InfoWars , following her most recent show on Sunday night .
She later posted the clip on her Twitter account , writing : ` It was a riveting exchange . Promise you that . '
That comment did not go over well with some however , including Chelsea Clinton .
` There is no justification for amplifying lies -LRB- or a liar -RRB- , particularly about unimaginable tragedy . I hope no parent , no person watches this , ' wrote the former first daughter , who is the mother of two young children .
Chelsea is also a former NBC employee , working there for three years from 2011 to 2014 as a ` special correspondent ' for the news division .
That post netted her an annual salary of $ 600,000 despite her infrequent appearances on the network , with one of her interviews being with the GEICO gecko on an episode of the now-cancelled Rock Center With Brian Williams .
Chelsea , and many others , then began to retweet Nelba Marquez-Greene , who in a direct response to Kelly 's tweet wrote : ' I promise you it 's not riveting . How -LSB- would -RSB- you feel if someone shot your kids , some fool said it was n't true - and I gave him a show ? '
Greene 's daughter Ana was a victim of the Newtown , Connecticut shooting , losing her life at the age of six when gunman Adam Lanza opened fire in the school .
NBC News did not respond to a request for comment .
In the wake of the immediate backlash she received on social media , Kelly tried to address her detractors .
' I hate that this type of coverage is gon na help legitimize him . Truly disappointing , wrote one Twitter user on Sunday night .
` POTUS 's been on & praises @RealAlexJones ' show . He 's giving Infowars a WH press credential . Many do n't know him ; our job is 2 shine a light , ' Kelly explained .
President Trump is a big fan of Jones ' show , and a frequent listener he himself has admitted in the past .
He also appeared on the show during his campaign .
Here are some of the extraordinary claims that Alex Jones has made about high-profile tragedies .
9/11 attacks An inside job with elements inside the government detonating bombs they had set in the towers in a bid to blame Osama bin laden and then have reason to take out the CIA asset .
Boston Marathon A ` false-flag ' attack staged by the FBI .
Oklahoma City bombing Jones said this was a government-manufactured terror attack that was devised to help Bill Clinton boost numbers in the polls while also suppressing civil liberties .
Gabbie Gifford shooting ` My gut tells me this was a staged mind-control operation . The government employs geometric psychological-warfare experts that know exactly how to indirectly manipulate unstable people through the media . '
Oklahoma tornadoes in 2013 Caused by the Air Force . ` If you saw that , you better bet your bottom dollar -LSB- President Obama -RSB- did this , but who knows if they did . You know , that 's the thing , we do n't know . '
In the preview of her interview with Jones , the NBC News host demands to know how he can declare something like Sandy Hook a hoax given the loss of young lives and parents who are still grieving for their children .
` Oh I know , but they do n't get angry about the half-million dead Iraqis from the sanctions ... ' starts Jones before he is cut off by Kelly and accused of dodging her question .
` The media does n't cover all the evil wars ... ' begins Jones , who again is cut-off by Kelly .
` That does n't excuse the things you said about Newtown , you know that , ' states the host , who actually traveled to Texas to meet with Jones in his own studio .
` Here 's the difference , I looked at all the angles of Newtown and I made my statements before the media even picked it up . '

And in 2012 , in the wake of the Aurora cinema massacre that saw 12 killed and 70 injured when a gunman opened fire during a screening of The Dark Knight , Jones claimed it was a ` false flag ' .
` If you look at the full spectrum of information unfolding right now , 100 per cent chance that the mass murder committed in the suburb of Denver , Colorado , right next to Littleton and Columbine was a false flag mind control event . '
He even blamed President Obama for being behind a series of deadly tornadoes in Oklahoma back in 2013 that claimed the lives of over 30 people .
Kelly 's two-minute preview infuriated Greene , who continued to voice her disgust , disdain and disbelief on social media throughout the night and into the morning .
In other tweets , Greene asked Kelly if she planned to ` give -LSB- Jones ' -RSB- victims equal air time ' and criticized her for turning ` victim pain ' into ` entertainment ' for her show .
` To give a man like this such a platform normalizes behavior that is n't normal . How do I explain this to my son ? ' asked Greene .
She later opined : ` It 's a miracle no #sandyhook parent has ended their life yet . The loss of a loved one and the constant harrasment is too much . @MegynKelly '
Then , in a tweet that has been shared over 5,000 times , Greene posted a school photo of her deceased daughter .
` Here you go @MegynKelly - her name is Ana Grace Márquez-Greene . Say her name - stare at this & tell me it 's worth it , ' wrote Greene .
In a series of tweets that began on Sunday night and are still being posted to her account , Greene also shared some of the horrors that she and other parents endure because of Jones and other deniers of the grade-school massacre .
` It has been 5 years since we lost our child . While we do n't speak of the harassment very often , I must tell you it has left us traumatized , ' wrote Greene in one tweet .
She then bgean taking grabs of the comments she recieves on social media and posting them on her own twitter account , writing on one : ` Because this is what it looks like when you shine light on #AlexJones - they do n't go away . They double down @megynkelly . #SandyHook . '
In the attached grab , a woman wrote to Greene : ` Did Ana really die ? Everyone knows SandyHook is SandyHoax . Did you sell her into a Child-trafficking ring ? '
She then shared another grab of a Twitter user ` asking a grieving mom for live shots and proof of dead bodies and coroner reports . '
That man then began to harass Greene on Twitter , writing : ` Got court records ? Blood samples ? Coroner reports ? ... proving a gunman shot her at #SandyHook ? '
He later wrote : ` Not disrespecting anyone . Just asking questions to give you an opportunity to make your case . So far you 're failing at it . '
The family of first-grade teacher Vicki Soto also criticized NBC in a post on Facebook that was shared Sunday night .
In a letter addressed to NBC and Kelly , Soto 's family wrote : ` We would like it to be publicly known that we are greatly disappointed in your decision to give Alex Jones airtime . Alex and his followers have done nothing but make our lives a living hell for the last 4 1/2 years . '
The letter then details how their private family photos have been dissected by Jones and other conspiracy theorists , with one man interrupting their annual memorial run for Soto , who was just 27 when she was killed while shielding her students from the shooter .
` This incessant need for ratings at the cost of the emotional well-being of our family is disgusting and disappointing , ' wrote the family .
` You should be ashamed of yourselves for allowing this behavior . We hope you never are subjected to the kind of torture that Alex Jones and his followers inflict on us . '

Chelsea meanwhile has yet to personally weigh in again on Kelly 's interview , though she did send a message to Green on Twitter , writing : ` I 'm so sorry Nelba , you continually confront disbelief and derision . It should be obvious how very , very wrong that is . '
Just a few days prior she had tried to have a little fun on social media Kelly , sharing a photo of the recent Enquirer cover story on the NBC host and writing : ` welcome to the `` club '' ! Soon you too will have alien children -LRB- or siblings -RRB- , excerpts from diaries never kept published & more ! '
At the same time Kelly is also dealing with another adversary in Jones himself , the same man who is the subject of the interview that she has been forced to defend the past few days .
In an 12-minute diatribe posted to his YouTube page after the day-long NBC interview last week , Jones went after the former Fox News host 's physical appearance and stated that he had ` zero attraction ' to Kelly .
Jones ' rambling rant culminated with a vicious and ferocious personal attack against the 47-tear-old mother-of-three , and the radio host 's admission that he told Kelly during her visit to Texas : ` Your children are going to die of cancer . '
He then really drove that comment home by adding : ` You 're going to outlive your children , Megyn . '
` Not feminine . Cold . Robotic . Dead , ' said Jones of his interview with Kelly , whose warm demeanor and welcoming looks managed to melt the icy facade of Russian president Vladimir Putin one week prior .
' I felt zero attraction to Megyn Kelly . That 's not an insult to Megyn Kelly . I talked to a lot of other folks that know her . They say , `` No . It 's the same . '' Because you 're dealing with a sociopath ? A psychopath ? I do n't know . '' '
Jones did not stop there either , also taking some time to go after Kelly 's facial features .
` You can have that painted-on joker smile all you want , ' Jones said at one point .
` And those lawyer , sociopath eyes . But at the end of the day , I 've spoken the truth . '
He closed out his rant a bit weak however with a rather dated film reference while explaining why he did the interview .
' I wanted to see it for myself . The girl next door sitting there with the toad creature , ' said Jones .
` She should be in the new `` Bladerunner '' as the new replicant robot . I 'm like this fat toad creature . '
It is unclear however if Jones ' actually believes any of this hullabaloo or is simply trying to motivate his listeners into hate-watching Kelly 's show on Sunday night .
Much like his friend President Trump , Jones ' is a big fan of numbers and audience size .
' I got to tell you , having Megyn Kelly yesterday here until like 10:45 at night was a soul-sucking experience , ' said Jones at the top of the video of his interview earlier in the week .
' I tell ya , I take my licks to get the word out , but man , dealing with lawyers that make being sociopaths an art form really lets you know why society is in so much trouble . '
He then gave a a brief recap of how he thought the interview went , with less than kind words for Kelly .
` This report that 's supposedly going to air in the next few weeks , this profile , but it 's really an investigative report , masquerading as a profile , but really fake news in my view , ' explained Jones .
And then , he gave his assessment of Kelly 's crew .
' I mean nice people , nice producer . I felt like the lady that 's the lead producer -- nice southern belle lady , older lady -- is like somebody that leads you to the gas chamber , or to the hangman 's noose , or to the electric chair , ' said Jones .
` They comfort you , give you your last meal . They tell you that heaven is on the other side of electrical volts that will be pouring through your brain . Heh , heh , heh . '


@summary
Megyn Kelly has come under fire for her decision to interview InfoWars ' host Alex Jones , the polarizing conspiracy theorist who thinks Sandy Hook was a hoax

@summary
She was fired as the host of the annual Sandy Hook Promises Gala on Monday night , two days before the event takes place in Washington DC

@summary
Megyn had planned to tape that gala for a segment of her show to run alongside her interview with Jones

@summary
JP Morgan Chase has pulled its advertising from the show after its marketing head said she was ` repulsed ' by the interview on Twitter

@summary
Chelsea Clinton called for a boycott of the episode , which is due to air on Father 's Day

@summary
Many retweeted comments by Nelba Marquez-Greene , who lost her six-year-old daughter Ana in the school shooting

@summary
Greene posted an image of her daughter and told Kelly to look at the girl and say her name , then later shared the online harassment she receives from deniers

