@title
Trump thanks May for support amid Syria crisis as world leaders eye ` window of opportunity ' to push Putin to drop his support for Assad

@body
Theresa May and Donald Trump last night agreed there was a ` window of opportunity ' to persuade Russia to end its support for Bashar al-Assad .
In a clear sign that the pair have agreed that Assad must go , the Prime Minister and US President pledged to work together to convince Vladimir Putin to stop helping the Syrian regime .
But they did not reveal what sanctions they will seek to impose on the Russian leader if he refuses to comply with their plan .

The two leaders spoke about the crisis by telephone as the US president thanked the PM for her backing of his military strikes against Syrian government forces last week .
The Prime Minister , who is on a short walking holiday in Wales , is being kept up to date on events in Syria .
In recent days Mrs May has been spotted out shopping on a short break despite the fraught situation .
A Downing Street spokesman said : ` Theresa May tonight spoke with US President Trump to discuss last week 's chemical weapons attack in Syria and the US response .
` The president thanked the Prime Minister for her support in the wake of last week 's US military action against the Assad regime .
` The Prime Minister and the president agreed that a window of opportunity now exists in which to persuade Russia that its alliance with Assad is no longer in its strategic interest .
` They agreed that US Secretary of State -LRB- Rex -RRB- Tillerson 's visit to Moscow this week provides an opportunity to make progress towards a solution which will deliver a lasting political settlement .
` They also discussed the broader Middle East , including the threat posed by Iran throughout the region .
` The Prime Minister and president also stressed the importance of the international community , including China , putting pressure on North Korea to constrain the threat it poses . '
Mrs May and husband Philip reportedly bought two silver rings made by a local jeweller over the weekend .
They attended a service at St Mary 's church in the town of Dolgellau yesterday , and are thought to be in Wales until Thursday .
Downing Street stressed that the premier remained fully in touch with diplomatic developments even though she is away from the heart of government on a walking holiday during parliament 's Easter recess .
` The PM is making calls and being constantly updated , ' a No10 spokesman said , pointing out that she spoke to Canada 's Justin Trudeau last night .
Prime Ministers never holiday entirely alone . Mrs May will have a security detail and cohort of Downing Street staff with her to ensure she can be reached at a moment 's notice at all times .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron criticised Mrs May for leaving ` court jester ' Boris Johnson in charge of coordinating Britain 's response to the Syria crisis .
He said : ` Everyone deserves a break from time to time and Snowdonia is a beautiful part of the country but ultimately there are some things are too important to be left to the court jester .
` The situation in Syria is one of them and I would have hoped that the Prime Minister would have shown some leadership on this issue and coordinated Britain 's response herself . '
Boris Johnson is leading for the UK at a meeting of foreign ministers from the powerful G7 group of nations in Italy today .
The Foreign Secretary has upped the ante by warning the Kremlin that the US is ready to strike Syria again , as he demanded Vladimir Putin ` faces the truth ' about the regime 's atrocities .
Mr Johnson is calling for tougher sanctions unless Mr Putin agrees to the removal of Assad within months .
But the prospect of being allowed back into the elite club is also expected to be held out as an incentive for cooperating .
Russia was kicked out of what was the G8 in 2014 as punishment for the annexation of Crimea .
At the gathering with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson later , he said Russia must decide whether to ` stick like glue ' to a disgraced dictator or ` work with the rest of the world ' .
But Moscow 's foreign ministry taunted Mr Johnson for being ` in the shadow ' of the US .
Mr Johnson faced claims he was Washington 's poodle over the weekend after he agreed to pull out of a planned visit to Moscow following discussions with the US .
The trip was cancelled so the G7 -- Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Britain and America -- can agree a joint plan , which will then be delivered by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson instead .
Mrs May spoke about her love of Wales on a visit to Cardiff last month .
` We stay in a hotel and try to walk every day , ' she said .

` Walking is about relaxing , getting exercise and fresh air . '
According to the Welsh Daily Post , Mrs May bought two silver rings made by Anna Hicks at the Celf Aran Arts craft shop .
Matt Fletcher , who served Mrs May , told the newspaper : ` When I realised it was Theresa May , I got very nervous and started to fumble with the keys for the display case .
' I said to her , ` is it you ? ' , and she said : ` Well , it depends on who you is . ''

@summary
Theresa May and her husband Philip are on a walking holiday in North Wales

@summary
Downing Street confirmed she spoke to Trump over war in Syria during holiday

@summary
Boris Johnson at meeting of G7 ministers in Italy to discuss tensions with Russia

