@title
` We 've been hijacked ' : Fears Russian yacht and three crew have been taken hostage by a North Korean ship after haunting SOS message

@body
The Russian authorities are checking reports that a yacht with three crew on board was ` hijacked or arrested ' by a North Korean ship .
A VHF radio message from the Katalexa was received from the vessel in the Sea of Japan .
It reported that the yacht ` was hijacked , or arrested , by a North Korean ship ' , said Russian maritime expert Mikhail Voytenko .
Since the Wednesday message , no further communication has been heard from the vessel .
But Russian news agency Sputnik is reporting that the yacht has been moved to the North Korean port of Rason .
` The embassy has set up a unit with Minister Counsellor Alexander Minaev , and Ambassador Alexander Matsegora is personally taking care of all matters related to Katalexa yacht , ' press attache at Russian embassy in North Korea Denis Samsonov said .
He added : ` Consul-General in Chondjin Yuri Bochkarev is heading to the port of -LSB- Rason -RSB- where the yacht has been since yesterday . It takes a few hours on a very bad road , he will try to contact and talk to the members of crew . '
The incident comes amid high tension on on the Korean peninsula over missile tests by Kim Jong Un 's repressive regime which US defence secretary Jim Mattis this week branded the world 's ` most urgent and dangerous threat to peace and security ' .
Russia announced the deployment of the new-state-of-the-art Buk-M3 missile defence system in eastern Siberia in response to concerns over war breaking out in North Korea .
Moscow has expressed ` profound concern ' over recent North Korean missile launches which ` serve to heighten tensions ' , with US warships already on patrol in the region .
Russian foreign ministry official Vladimir Konovalov said of the yacht incident : ` We ca n't yet confirm or refute this information . '
Urgent representations have been made via Russian diplomatic channels to the North Korean authorities .
The sea rescue and coordination centre of Primorsky region of Russia confirmed the fears the yacht has been seized for unknown reasons .
Russia shares a land and sea border with North Korea .
The Katalexa recently departed from South Korea en route from Taiwan to Vladivostok .
A source at Alye Parusa yacht club near Vladivostok - where the vessel was heading - said it was ` in a good technical state soon after renovation ' after repairs in Japan .
One year ago North Korea seized Russian yacht Elfin , which was released several days later without any explanations .

@summary
Russian yacht Katalexa was in the Sea of Japan when it sent hijack radio message

@summary
Vessel had recently left South Korea while en route from Taiwan to Vladivostok

@summary
Embassy official Denis Samsonov said the yacht is in North Korean port of Rason

