@title
Rory McIlroy hits back at former major winner Steve Elkington for ` bored ' jibe after he missed the cut at the US Open

@body
Rory McIlroy has bitten back at social media criticism from a former USPGA champion following his early exit from the US Open .
Steve Elkington , whose sole major triumph came at the Riviera Country Club in Los Angeles 22 years ago , claimed that McIlroy looked ` bored playing golf ' after the former world No 1 carded rounds of 78 and 71 to miss the cut at Erin Hills .
McIlroy , who has only played five events this year and suggested he was happy with elements of his game in Wisconsin this week , did not take kindly to the remark .
The Northern Irishman hit back at Elkington , replying to the Australian 's tweet - which also suggested that ` without Tiger -LRB- Woods -RRB- the threshold -LRB- for becoming bored -RRB- is prolly 4 majors with 100 mill in bank ' with a screen-grab of his career record .
` More like 200mil ... not bad for a `` bored '' 28 year old ... plenty more where that came from , ' McIlroy wrote .
Elkington was n't done .
Not taking kindly to what he seemed to considered a boast about his wealth , he told McIlroy : ` New -LRB- sic -RRB- you were a money guy . Jack -LRB- Nicklaus -RRB- won 18 and never mentioned his total cash ... it was 5mill ' .

The episode dragged on , much to the entertainment of golf fans worldwide .
McIlroy fired a second barrel , correcting Elkington 's errant English in the process .
` That 's why jack designed 100 's of golf courses ... and it 's knew ... must n't have taught grammar in the 50 's . '
` Yeah , you right , ' Elkington retorted . ` Youre the 200 mill guy ' .
McIlroy is yet to point out the missing apostrophe .
Following his meagre display at Erin Hills , McIlroy will be hoping to rediscover top form when he takes on the Travelers Championship before heading back to Europe for the build-up to The Open .

@summary
A first-round 78 ultimately cost Rory McIlroy his place at the US Open

@summary
The former world No 1 crashed out of the event after missing the cut at Erin Hills

@summary
He was criticised by Steve Elkington , who claimed he was ` bored ' of playing golf

@summary
McIlroy hit back by listing his career achievements and prize money winnings

