@title
That 's wild ! Stunned man pours water into dehydrated wolf 's mouth to revive it after it jumped into his truck in a desperate search for shade

@body
An incredible video has emerged of the moment a wolf jumped into a truck to grab a few minutes of shade and a refreshing drink of water .
Delivery men came to the dehydrated wolf 's aid on their way through the desolate Brazilian landscape .
The men had been driving their truck along a remote road on a scorching day near Primavera do Leste when the wolf passed in front of their truck .
They stopped to take a picture of it and were shocked when it jumped into the truck and settled down in a shady corner to hide from the sizzling heat of the South American sun .
Minutes went by as the men tried to decide how to coax the wild animal out of the truck - with one man balancing precariously on the raised edge of the truck to lasso the wolf several feet below .
They eventually got the wolf out of the truck using the lasso before the wolf collapsed with exhaustion .
The exhausted animal lay on the ground as the kind man used a blue bucket to pour water into the wolf 's mouth in an attempt to revive the beast .
Over the course of several minutes the thirsty animal drank its fill before its saviour released the lasso .
The revitalised animal bounded into the undergrowth , leaving the perplexed men to contemplate the amazing scene they had been a part of .
The delighted workmen shared a high five before heading back to the truck to continue their journey .

@summary
Delivery men stopped their vehicle to take a picture of the wild animal

@summary
Beast jumped into their truck and settled into a shady corner for several minutes

@summary
Amazing footage shows the men coaxing the wolf out with a lasso before it collapsed with exhaustion . One man poured water into its mouth to help revive it

@summary
After drinking its fill the wolf ran off into the undergrowth beside the remote road near the town of Primavera do Leste in central-western Brazil

