@title
Parents of an 18-month-old girl who was savaged by an out-of-control dog say the attack has ` ruined our lives and the lives of our two children '

@body
The family of a toddler who was ` scalped ' by an out of control dog in a children 's playground have said the attack has ` ruined their lives ' and ` the lives of their two children ' .
One-year-old Victoria Resetnjova was thrown in the air ` like a toy ' by the animal as she played on a slide with her sister in the Jenkins ' Dale area of Chatham , Kent just before 5.30 pm on Tuesday .
She was pulled from the dog 's jaws by six other bloodied children and flown to a London hospital by air ambulance as armed police shot the animal dead .
In a statement released by Kent Police , her family thanked the emergency services and everyone who helped her at the scene .
It read : ` We would like to thank all the emergency services and others who helped our daughter by giving first aid at the scene .
` We are also grateful for the continued support of the hospital where she is being treated . The incident has ruined our lives and the lives of our two children . '
Doctors have confirmed that the little girl will survive her wounds but she is still being treated for ` serious injuries ' in hospital . Her parents , Sergei and Valentina Resetnjova , are believed to be at her bedside .
Victoria was playing with her 14-year-old sister Kristina when she was attacked . Witnesses said the dog jumped the fence of the play area and charged at the toddler as several other children attempted to pull the animal away .
A man , a woman and a teenage girl were arrested under the Dangerous Dogs Act . One was bailed and the others were released pending further inquiries , Kent Police confirmed today .

A witness told MailOnline : ` The dog ran into the park and attacked the girl under the slide . It was going for her head all the time , grabbed her and threw her up two or three times like she was a toy . It was brutal . '


Michael Thornton , 26 , has been named locally as the man being questioned by detectives .
A relative of Mr Thornton 's told the Mirror : ` My heart goes out to that family and the little baby . I would n't be able to live if my dog 's done something to anybody - no matter how old . I have n't spoken to him , I ca n't even go and see him . '
A brave woman who tried to save her life today described how she heard Victoria 's blood-curdling scream from her flat .
The woman , who did not want to be named , said that she watched as the dog which was on a lead kept its grip on the tot 's head and ` refused to let go ' .
A teenage girl was holding the lead and hitting the animal with a stick to force it to release the child , she says .
The woman then rushed to the park in Jenkins Dale , Chatham , with a first aid kit then held the girl , believed to be aged 18 months , in her arms .


She said : ` The dog was covered in the little girl 's blood . It had bitten the middle of her head off . It was completely missing and I was holding her head together .
` When I got down there one of the girls was pulling the baby 's legs but the dog would n't let go of her head .
` The three teenage girls were all crying and the dog was on the lead the whole time .
` When they eventually got the dog off I tried to bandage the little girl up and called up for neighbours to bring down some towels and we bundled her up .
` When the paramedics came I held the baby 's hand until her parents arrived .
` It was awful and something that will stay with me for a long time . '
The horrifying attack on Tuesday left the tot fighting for her life but police confirmed today/yesterday -LRB- Thurs -RRB- that she remains in hospital with serious injuries .
Neighbour Alisha Robinson described the chaotic aftermath of the attack .
She said : ` They said we need lots of towels because she is losing a lot of blood . They were trying to keep her alive .
` You could n't see her face , she was covered in blood . Then her mum came up screaming , that did it for me , I wanted to cry . People were throwing blankets from the balcony above because she was cold . '
Mother-of-five Katy Ayres claimed the same dog had ` pinned down ' her son Charlie 24 hours before and said : ` It scratched his leg - but the little girl , it ripped holes in her head ' .






The victim 's terrified mother , who was reportedly at work and left her children with a childminder , ran over screaming as people gave first aid and wrapped her in a blanket to ` keep her alive ' .
Describing the attack one witness said : ` The baby 's head was being shaken in the dog 's mouth and it was covered in blood . It was absolutely horrific and there were about six children aged eight to twelve covered in blood who witnessed it all . '
A family friend told MailOnline : ` It was just a complete mess - a brutal mess . Everyone was screaming ' . Another said the child was thrown around like a toy , adding : ` Police did the right thing . Round here they call them trophy dogs - once they get the taste for blood they wo n't stop ' .
Armed police called to the scene yelled at crowds to ` stand back ' before they ` shot it twice ' , one witness said , and the dead pitbull-type dog , described as ` crazy and very strong ' , was photographed being covered with a blanket .
Ms Ayres believes the same dog had attacked her son Charlie on Monday .
She said : ` He pinned him down . I grabbed my son to protect him and the dog jumped up . It scratched his leg and he has bruises .
` The police came and took pictures of the scratch . It happened all so fast . I said that day to my brother that dog will end up hurting someone , and it happened .
She added : ` I 'm lost for words . I hope that little girl is going to be OK . It could have been my son . I 'm in shock really . I said to my brother I bet it goes for someone . And I bet it 's a child ' .
Describing the attack on the toddler yesterday she said : ' I heard screaming . I saw the girl carrying the little girl from that end of the park and I see all blood running down her head ' .
James Hamilton , who lives in a flat overlooking the play area said the dog was in the park for most of the day on Tuesday .
Mr Hamilton saw the toddler bitten by the dog several times and spoke to her parents afterwards and believes they may be Polish .
He said : ' I saw the dog with the child in its mouth . My partner had seen the dog pick up the girl and drop her twice . I saw it do it another time . It was shaking her around .
` The little girl was lying there . She was conscious and her eyes were rolling back . I think she was in shock .
` She had an eye wound - looked like an open gash . And an injury to the back of her head which was bleeding . She was awake . '
` She was so tiny . We were only in the park five minutes before with our little girls . I was in tears myself . I hope I never see that again . '
Mr Hamilton said police arrived at the scene but the dog kept getting loose .
He added : ' A lad was holding the dog on a lead by now . It was just standing there . The police came and I told them it needed to be put down . They said it will be done . It kept getting loose from it 's collar and then they shot it . '


Neighbours said they heard a gun fired and saw a child covered with a blanket being carried to an ambulance .


Jaspreet Uppal said : ` First I heard a gunshot , there was a dog on the floor . A few officers carried out a child from the back area of the flats .
` There is a little park there . I could not see the child , they were covered . I think they were quite small . '
Another neighbour added : ' I saw the aftermath , the emergency services do a excellent job it 's times likes these we should be so grateful they act so quickly . '
The young girl is being treated in hospital for ` serious injuries ' and the three suspects have been released on bail , Kent Police said today .
A spokesman for the force added : '' The South East Coast Ambulance Service and the Kent , Surrey and Sussex Air Ambulance Service also attended and the injured child , of toddler age , was taken to a London hospital in a critical condition .
` The child continues to be treated for very serious injuries , but these are no longer described as life threatening .
` Following the incident , police , including firearms officers , attended the scene and to ensure public safety the dog was shot dead .
' A man and a teenager , both from Chatham , were arrested on the evening of 4 April on suspicion of offences under the Dangerous Dogs Act .
` On the evening of 5 April , the man was bailed pending further enquiries , until Wednesday 26 April 2017 . The teenager was released , pending further enquiries .
` On Wednesday 5 April , a woman from Chatham was also arrested in connection with the incident and she has also been released , pending further enquiries .
` Enquiries are ongoing to establish the breed of the dog which will include a necropsy -LRB- post mortem -RRB- and an expert 's view . '


The attack comes just days after armed police were forced to shoot dead a pack of dogs that went on a rampage in Manchester .




@summary
Toddler Victoria Resetnjova was scalped after being attacked by a pitbull-cross in a playground in Chatham

@summary
Her parents , Sergei and Valentina Resetnjova , are believed to be at her bedside at a London hospital

@summary
In a statement released by police , her family thanked the emergency services and everyone who helped

@summary
Dog sprinted into the play area and began biting child 's face before clamping down and shaking her by head

@summary
Armed police officers arrived and shot dead the animal , which was pictured being covered by a blanket

@summary
Three people - a man , a woman and a teenage girl - were arrested by police under the Dangerous Dogs Act

