@title
Tottenham boast the most points gained since start of 2015-16 season ... with a net spend of just # 7million !

@body
Tottenham are yet to give up hope of a first domestic title since 1961 , but their net spend and points gained since the start of last season have blown their Premier League rivals out of the water .
Our friends at Opta have compiled a table showing the Premier League table if it was played across two seasons , since the start of the 2015-16 campaign , and Spurs come out top by a clear 15 points .
Mauricio Pochettino 's side have won 42 of their last 72 league matches , have scored a high of 140 goals and conceded just 57 - the fewest of any side to have played across the two seasons .
What is even more impressive about these statistics is that the club have achieved such success despite a net spend of just # 7million .
Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher is full admiration for the work Pochettino has done at White Hart Lane since arriving from Southampton in 2014 .
Levy and his scouting team have assembled a side capable of competing for the Premier League title despite such a modest net spend since 2015 .
Speaking on Sky Sports ' Monday Night Football , Carragher said : ` If you look at what they 've done over the last two years , and people have said in the past about the managers who have been there , that Spurs are a soft touch .
` This is not a soft touch , this is a top team . To be ahead of everyone -LSB- in a table combining results of the last two seasons -RSB- , and with that net spend , more wins , more goals , best defence , best of everything . '
Spurs chairman Daniel Levy is renowned for running a tight ship at the North London club , which has led to some suggestions that players such as Kyle Walker have had their heads turned by interest from other clubs willing to offer bigger contracts .
But regardless of Walker 's future , Spurs have demonstrated an ability to get the best out of a talented young squad ever since Pochettino 's arrival .
While the figure of # 7m relates to transfer activity after the Argentine 's first season at the club , he was already looking to break even in the market in his first 12 months .
Ben Davies , Michel Vorm and Eric Dier arrived for a combined # 19m while Jake Livermore , Sandro and Gylfi Sigurdsson were the most high-profile departures with the Iceland international midfielder part of the deal involving Vorm and Davies .
INS
SUMMER 2015 -
Toby Alderweireld -LRB- Atletico Madrid -RRB- # 11.5 m
Clinton N'Jie -LRB- Lyon -RRB- # 8.5 m
Son Heung-min -LRB- Bayer Leverkusen -RRB- # 18m
Victor Wanyama -LRB- Southampton -RRB- # 11m
SUMMER 2016
Vincent Janssen -LRB- AZ Alkmaar -RRB- # 17m
Moussa Sissoko -LRB- Newcastle -RRB- # 30m
Georges-Kevin N'Koudou -LRB- Marseille -RRB- # 10m
TOTAL : # 106m
NET SPEND : # 7m
OUTS
SUMMER 2015
Paulinho -LRB- Guangzhou Ev -RRB- # 10m
Lewis Holtby -LRB- Hamburg -RRB- # 4m
Etienne Capoue -LRB- Watford -RRB- # 5.5 m
Younes Kaboul -LRB- Sunderland -RRB- # 3m
Benjamin Stambouli -LRB- PSG -RRB- # 6m
Vlad Chiriches -LRB- Napoli -RRB- # 4m
Roberto Soldado -LRB- Villarreal -RRB- # 10m
Aaron Lennon -LRB- Everton -RRB- # 4m
JANUARY 2016
Andros Townsend -LRB- Newcastle -RRB- # 12m
SUMMER 2016
Alex Pritchard -LRB- Norwich -RRB- # 8m
Ryan Mason -LRB- Hull -RRB- # 10m
Nacer Chadli -LRB- West Brom -RRB- # 13m
DeAndre Yedlin -LRB- Newcastle -RRB- # 5m
JANUARY 2017
Tom Carroll -LRB- Swansea -RRB- # 4.5 m
TOTAL : # 99million
Dele Alli has proved a snip at # 5m since his signed from MK Dons in February 2015 , while Kieran Trippier cost just # 3.5 m when he joined from Burnley the following summer .
A total of # 49m was spent on Toby Alderweireld , Clinton N'Jie , Son Heung-min and Victor Wanyama , but this was offset by the sales of Paulinho , Roberto Soldado and most notably Andros Townsend to Newcastle for # 12m , among others .
Tottenham 's transfer business last summer is yet to come to fruition , which places their net spend and position as title chasers in its full perspective , as Pochettino sticks with the core group of players which ran Leicester close last season .
Vincent Janssen and Moussa Sissoko have both struggled since arriving , but the departures of Nacer Chadli , Ryan Mason and Alex Pritchard has helped to soften the blow of a low return in investment on the pair amid progress on the new # 800m stadium .

1 . Manchester City -LRB- # 270m -RRB-
2 . Manchester United -LRB- # 153m -RRB-
3 . Arsenal -LRB- # 97m -RRB-
4 . Chelsea -LRB- # 37m -RRB-
5 . Liverpool -LRB- # 5m -RRB-
Carragher added : ` Where I think they 've been very unlucky is that Leicester won the league , we all loved it , but it was a freak , a one-off . You do n't see that happen , but it was a team not playing in Europe .
` They 're now up against a Chelsea team who again have no European commitments ... how often do Chelsea not play in Europe ? It does n't happen .
' A team that wins 13 consecutive games to match the Premier League record , how often does that happen ? That 's what they 're up against .
' I think if Chelsea had been in Europe , I think there 's a great chance we 'd be here with four games to go saying this could be be Spurs ' first title since 1961 .
` That 's how good they are . If Chelsea had played more games , maybe they 'd have had a few more injuries , and would n't have been able to play the same team , week in week out , but I think they may have just done it . '

@summary
Tottenham have earned 147 league points since the start of 2015-16 season

@summary
No Premier League side has earned more , scored more goals or conceded fewer

@summary
Spurs can also boast a healthy net spend of # 7m in that time compared to rivals

@summary
Jamie Carragher says side could be champions if Chelsea had played in Europe

