@title
Red or white ? Now Italy may get BLUE wine - but purists say it 's an insult to national tradition

@body
A blue sparkling wine has uncorked a full-bodied row in Italy -- where purists say it is an insult to national tradition .
Blumond -- a mix of curacao , peach and prosecco -- is already sold in countries such as China and America for # 16 a bottle .
Now bosses at Tuscan firm Fratelli Saraceni want to bring it to their native country , with plans to launch it in Sicily next month . However critics say the 7 per cent alcohol proof is below the 10 per cent required for it to be called ` wine ' .
But some are scoffing at the idea and say that Blumond will have to be labelled as an ` aromatised cocktail ' , a ` long drink ' or ` aperitif ' .
Critics say that the seven per cent alcohol proof is below the 10 per cent required by Italian law for it to be called wine .
Then there is the colour which offends the sensibilities of Italy 's most famous winemakers .
Wladimiro Gobbo , a member of Italy 's Sommelier Association said that Blumond is ` simply an insult to our wine tradition ' .
He said : ` It 's embarrassing . These are not wines but coloured liquids , dumb-downed hybrids with a watered-down percentage of alcohol ' .
Fabio Lantieri de Paratico , co-founder of the consortium that protects Franciacorta , Italy 's niche bubbly , added : ` These do not belong to our world . They 're just whims and trends that come and go ' .
In the next month Fratelli Saraceni plan to move the blue wine into showy Sicily , renowned for its lavish , 24 hour-long weddings that call for extravagant bottles such as Blumond .
By the end of the year they aim to conquer also Rome and Milan , the ` big cities ' where mindsets open to innovative twists and an international clientele could turn out to be an explosive cocktail of success .
Fratelli Saraceni say that Blumond , which costs 20 euros -LRB- # 16 -RRB- a bottle , is perfect as a wedding aperitif served before the main course .
Matteo Saraceni , a member of the family behind Fratelli Saraceni , said that the drink was named after the Blumond blue diamond and that it should be used for ` those one-in-a-lifetime experiences that require an extravagant bubbly ' .
He said : ` Anglo-Saxon drinkers are more open to innovation and particular twists than Italians , they like to experiment . They love celebrating key events and have a soft spot for wedding concept ' .
Fratelli Saraceni has already released a bright orange coloured drink called Volare which is a blend of sweet pink grapefruit and Pinot Grigio targeted at women .
Another drink is called Mario which is a bright yellow ` Sparkling Lemoncello ' made with Prosecco and Sicilian premium lemons .
So far Blumond has been a success in countries like China where people have drunk it at weddings .
Last year # 675,000 worth of Blumond was sold in the US and in the first quarter of this year # 151,000 was sold in Australia .
If the Italians do not go for Blumond then Britain may do - Fratelli Saraceni are in talks to begin selling it for weddings and special occasions in the UK .
They have also approached the luxury department store Harrods , the company said .
UK customers can already order the wine online .

@summary
Bosses at Tuscan firm Fratelli Saraceni want to bring Blumond to native country

@summary
The blue sparkling wine is a mix of curacao , peach and prosecco

@summary
But critics say 7 % alcohol proof is below 10 % required for it to be called ` wine '

