@title
Could YOU find romance in 60 seconds ? Singletons go speed-dating in a super-fast LIFT to find out if you can really fall in love at first sight

@body
Hopeful singletons took finding love to the next level as they went speed-dating in a London lift with just 60 seconds to impress potential partners .
The View from The Shard filmed the quirky experiment ahead of Valentine 's Day to see if you really can find love at first sight .
Things did n't get off to a good start for the first speed-dater , Morgan , who accidentally groped her date Max as she tried to take a blindfold off in the high-speed elevator as it zoomed 800ft up The Shard in just 60 seconds .
She then started firing questions at him , asking first if he prefers peanut butter or Nutella . When he replied ` neither ' , she jokingly shouted ` emergency stop ' .
Joker Marcus tried his cheesiest joke on his date asking her , ` did you hear about the explosion in a cheese factory ' .
His date Kim then delivered the punchline asking : ` Was there a lot of debris ? ' .
Another singleton was a little more shy . She said she felt ` awkward ' during the 60 second lift journey to the viewing deck which is located at Level 69 .
Dressed in a red top she said she needed the man to take more of the lead .
At the end of the clip she said she does believe in love at first sight , but was n't sure she 'd found it with her lift mate Steve .
Research carried out by the tourist attraction found that three in five people believe in love at first sight .
The survey done through OnePoll asked 1,000 people about matters of the heart .
The findings revealed that Brits make their mind up about a potential suitor within just 20 seconds .
Ninety percent of people think it is possible to make a good impression within 30 seconds and 96 per cent think first impressions are important .
Of the couples who took part in the speed-dating experiment just one pairing was successful , with Kim and Marcus saying they would see each other again .
And with Marcus ' jokes winning Kim over , the research backed up that a sense of humour was the biggest turn on for men and women -LRB- 62 percent -RRB- .
Top 10 turn-ons
Sense of humour : 62 per cent
Nice smile : 57 per cent
Looks : 54 per cent
Eyes : 46 per cent
Confidence : 42 percent
Dress sense : 39 per cent
Smell : 35 per cent
Voice : 30 per cent
Physique : 28 per cent
Haircut : 27 per cent
Top 10 turn-offs
Poor hygiene : 69 per cent
Lack of manners : 66 per cent
Nothing in common : 41 per cent
Does n't listen : 39 per cent
Not asking questions : 38 per cent
Being too drunk : 36 pe rcent
No sense of humour : 33 per cent
Messy eater : 30 percent
Turning up late : 30 per cent
Swearing : 27 per cent





@summary
London 's The View from The Shard carried out the quirky experiment

@summary
Men and women had just 60 seconds to impress each other

@summary
One participant tried out a cheesy joke to woo his date

@summary
Another accidentally groped her partner as she took off a blindfold

@summary
One of the pairings said they would see each other again

