@title
Beaten , bullied , betrayed : Their parents sent them away for the best education , but generations of boys left boarding school traumatised for life

@body
STIFF UPPER LIP
by Alex Renton -LRB- Weidenfeld & Nicolson # 16.99 -RRB-
Undeterred by a well-nigh unbroken litany of sex abuse scandals over the years , the British still pack more children off to boarding schools than any other country on Earth .
Amazon tribesmen who routinely scald their children with hot water , or scratch their skin with shark 's teeth in order to prepare them for the rigours of life , would n't dream of doing anything as drastic as sending them away from home for up to eight months a year .
As far as Alex Renton is concerned -- himself a ` boarding school survivor ' , as it 's rather ludicrously become known -- this enforced separation has had a catastrophic effect on the mental health of former pupils .
Time and again in Stiff Upper Lip , there are accounts of middle-aged men who have never been able to form loving relationships , express their feelings , or even experience happiness because at a very early age they effectively walled themselves up for their own protection .
They had learned a terrible lesson -- that ` love is not reliable , that trust may be betrayed ' .
Emotionally stunted , physically and often sexually brutalised , they 've stumbled through life with a nagging sense of being incomplete , of having left some vital part of themselves behind with which they can never be reunited .
But the effects of such an education are far more wide-ranging , Renton believes .
With so many ex-boarders going on to become pillars of the Establishment , it 's no wonder institutions such as Westminster , the BBC and the NHS have traditionally turned blind eyes to sex abuse . When faced with anything embarrassing , anything grubby , their instinct has been to brush it under the carpet .
As a boarding school survivor myself -- I was sent to prep school aged eight in the Sixties where , with wearisome predictability , I was sexually abused , not by a master , but by the head boy -- I found myself nodding along with many of Renton 's points .
I , too , learned to keep secrets as a child . To bottle up my emotions and screw on the top as tightly as possible . Certainly , I never felt I could tell my parents what had happened . And telling any of the masters was unthinkable -- even then , I had a pretty good inkling whose side they were likely to be on .
The first person I ever told was my wife , and I was 50 at the time . Periodically , I still wonder how it has affected me . These things are hard to quantify , of course , but like a lot of the people who Renton interviewed , I 've always had a sense that my childhood came shuddering to a premature close -- and that nothing has ever been quite the same since .
Even the Victorians recognised that sending their children off to boarding school had a very peculiar effect on them .
Around 1850 , many parents noticed their sons had stopped crying . Prior to this , gentlemen -- or those aspiring to be gentlemen -- had no qualms about bursting into tears .
Prime ministers Pitt , Fox and Wellington wept buckets without feeling remotely embarrassed , while poet laureate Alfred Tennyson would blub uncontrollably as he read out his own verses .
But then , all at once , boys stopped crying . Had their tear ducts suddenly run dry ?
Renton 's explanation is that , sent off in ever-increasing numbers to boarding schools , they learned to bottle up their feelings .
So why did the Victorians start sending their children away to be educated ? In part , they wanted them to become upstanding Christian soldiers . But there were other , less exalted motives .
Parents had grown increasingly concerned that if their children stayed at home , little Hector or Augustus might be faced with an irresistible temptation -- wanting to have sex with the servants .
The big problem -- as we now know -- is that a great many of the men who worked in these new boarding schools were mad , bad , or both .
Sadists , pederasts , tinpot tyrants ... all were enthusiastically welcomed aboard . In 1860 , a pupil at a ` private school of the highest class in Eastbourne ' was beaten to death by the headmaster .
Most of the stories in Stiff Upper Lip are less drastic than that , but still memorably awful : the persistent bed-wetter recalling how the matron at his school would rub his nose into his urine-soaked sheets every morning ; the girl with a dairy allergy who was forced , again by the matron , to drink a glass of milk , then to clear up the mess after she vomited .
Renton himself was sent -- aged eight -- to Ashdown House in Sussex , where on his first day he saw a ` short woman in a checked coat presenting a curly-haired boy even smaller than me to the headmaster ' .
This turned out to be Princess Margaret and her son , David .
Renton 's mother commented about the headmaster : ` He seems very nice . ' In fact , he turned out to be a sadistic drunk who beat boys so severely that they had purple welts for weeks afterwards . But while Renton convincingly argues the case against boarding schools , he has overlooked one key element -- its absurdity .
Rightly , he doffs his cap to George Orwell , whose essay about his own prep school days , Such , Such Were The Joys , is ` savage ' in its criticisms .
But however savage , Orwell 's essay is also extremely funny , and it 's the absurdity of boarding school life -- most notably its idiotic rituals and traditions -- that helped make it so sinister .
The playwright David Hare remembers how at his public school , Lancing College , boys were ordered to swim naked ` on the unlikely pretext that if we wore trunks , the fibres from our garments would clog up the filters ' .
You can huff away with shock and indignation at this , of course , but you 'd need to have had a complete sense of humour bypass not to crack a wry smile at the same time .
Ah , but everything has changed now . At least that 's what parents tell themselves as they pack their children off to boarding schools .
Certainly , some things have changed . These days , fees have increased so much that schools can afford to be far more selective about who they employ . Partly as a result , the beatings , the bullying , the sexual abuse are largely things of the past .
Nor is there any doubt that a lot of the children who go off to board aged 13 -- rather than at eight -- find it a rewarding and enjoyable experience . They have their own rooms , can go home at weekends and may call their parents whenever they want .
Yet none of this is enough to persuade me to send my children -- aged ten and nine -- away to school .
Some things have n't changed . For instance , headmasters have no more legal obligation to report instances of sexual abuse to the police now than they did 50 years ago .
And , as Renton concludes at the end of this grimly depressing , often lumpily written yet enormously valuable book : there 's one thing that can never change -- ` they are still boarding schools ' .

@summary
Alex Renton was sent to boarding school Ashdown House in Sussex aged eight

@summary
According to Renton , this enforced separation has had a catastrophic effect on the mental health of former pupils

@summary
Some are unable to experience happiness because at a very early age they effectively walled themselves up for their own protection

@summary
Emotionally stunted , physically and often sexually brutalised , they 've stumbled through life with a nagging sense of being incomplete

