@title
Revealed : Columbia graduate , 23 , found dead on Panama island was strangled with her pink swimsuit coverup on a hiking trail near a popular beach

@body
The 23-year-old Columbia University graduate from New York whose body was found on an island off the coast of Panama over the weekend was likely strangled , an autopsy has revealed .
Officers with Panama 's National Police , aided by FBI agents , raided unspecified locations on Bastimentos Island hoping to gather additional information that would help them piece together what happened to backpacker Catherine Johannet , who was found dead on Sunday in a wooded area near a popular beach .
Preliminary results of Johannet 's autopsy conducted by officials with Panama 's Institute of Forensic Medicine and Forensic Sciences of the Public Ministry indicated that Johannet 's probable cause of death was strangulation , reported the Panamanian newspaper La Prensa .
Experts were conducting additional tests hoping to shed more light on the circumstances of Johannet 's death .
Scroll down for video

The local TV station Nex Noticias reported that Johannet was strangled with a pink swimsuit cover-up , which she had been wearing at the time .
On Monday , the young woman 's family members , including her two older siblings , arrived in Panama to help identify her body and eventually bring her home for burial , reported Pulso Informativo .
Another local station , Bocas TV , captured how Johannet 's body was being transported by airplane to the morgue for identification .
Johannet had been staying in a hostel in Bocas del Toro village on Colon Island , part of the same archipelago popular among tourists for its clear water , coral reefs and wildlife .
The US Embassy in Panama said that local authorities and the FBI had searched for Johannet throughout the weekend and will continue investigating the case .
Her last Instagram post , shared a week ago on the account ` catastrophe93 , ' included a selfie showing a beaming Johannet in an orange bikini and a pair of sunglasses with a picture-perfect tropical beach in the background . The caption read : ' I found paradise and it 's called Isla Ina . '
Johannet 's older sister , Laura , and brother , Paul , posted on Facebook that a memorial service will be held for Catherine Saturday morning at Scarsdale Congregational Church .
Catherine Johannet was last seen alive at around 10am on Thursday on Colon Island , where she had been staying during a backpacking vacation , reported LoHud.com .
That morning , she traveled to the nearby Bastimentos Island , a popular travel destination off the northern cast of Panama , where she had been planning to spend the day on Red Frog Beach .
Staff at Johannet 's hostel on Colon Island reported her missing after she failed to return from her day trip , according to Newsroom Panama .
Police and volunteers scoured the islands in search of the missing tourist until her decomposing body was discovered by an officer on a hiking trail near the beach on Bastimentos at 2.11 pm on Sunday .
Adrienne Bory , press attache at the US Embassy in Panama offered condolences to Catherine Johannet 's family in New York .
Paul Johannet , Catherine 's brother , paid tribute to his deceased sister in a touching Facebook post on Monday .
` She was a world traveler - by the age of 23 , she had already visited six continents and innumerable countries , including a recent 18-month trip to Vietnam where she taught English Literature to local students , ' he wrote . ` She was cheerful , adventurous , thoughtful and warm - all qualities I strive towards .
` I 'll always look up to my youngest sister . '
According to her LinkedIn profile , Catherine graduated from Columbia University in 2015 with a Bachelor 's degree in comparative literature .
From July 2015 to October 2016 , she was employed as a teacher with the organization IvyPrerp based out of Hanoi , Vietnam .



@summary
Catherine Johannet , of Scarsdale , New York , was found dead on hiking trail on Bastimentos Island Sunday afternoon

@summary
Johannet was last seen alive Thursday morning when she left her hostel on Colon Island on her way to Red Frog Beach , never to return

@summary
Preliminary autopsy results indicated Johannet was likely strangled to death

@summary
On the eve of her fateful excursion to Bastimentos Island , Johannet posted a selfie on Instagram taken at another site , Isla Ina , which she called ` paradise '

