@title
Ryan Mason back in training after serious head injury as Hull midfielder posts a video of himself running drills

@body
Ryan Mason has posted a video of himself back in training as the Hull star works his way back to fitness after the serious head injury he suffered in January .
Mason took to Twitter to document his progress following the injury in a video showing him jogging between cones .
The midfielder captioned the post ` Back at it ... ! ' as he performed the drills wearing a black vest - which monitors physiological performance .
Scroll down for video
Mason has been out of action since fracturing his skull in a sickening clash of heads with Chelsea 's Gary Cahill on January 22 which saw him taken to St Mary 's Hospital .
In hospital he had 14 metal plates inserted into the right side of his skull during surgery and was released eight days later .
The 26-year-old told Sportsmail last month that the clash of heads at Stamford Bridge felt like ' a bomb going off in my head . '
' I remember the cross , the header , being on the pitch , the ambulance arriving , ' recalled Mason .
' I think my thoughts were of pure fear in those seconds after the collision . A clash of heads is pretty common in football but the sheer impact of it was worrying , because it was in this temple area .
` It seems to be a softer part of the head . I remember being on the ground . It really did feel like a bomb had exploded in my head . It was so painful . '

Mason joined Hull from Tottenham for # 12million in August and made 20 appearances in all competitions before suffering the head injury in the 2-0 loss to Chelsea .
Hull were subsequently relegated after finishing 18th in the Premier League in the 2016-17 campaign .
The Tigers appointed former Russia boss Leonid Slutsky as their new manager on Friday , replacing Marco Silva who left for Watford at the end of the season .

@summary
Ryan Mason was shown running between cones on Wednesday afternoon

@summary
Mason was taken to hospital after a clash with Chelsea 's Gary Cahill in January

@summary
The Hull midfielder was left requiring 14 metal plates in the right side of his skull

@summary
Mason said the sickening collision was like ' a bomb going off in my head '

