@title
` My family went three days with no toilet paper ! ' Mother who claims she is racked with ` mom guilt ' ends up a viral hit after detailing her worst parenting fails in hilarious confessions video

@body
A mother-of-two has become an online hit after she admitted to leaving the family without toilet paper for three days and giving her son two bags of crisps for lunch .
Melissa Radke , from Lufkin , Texas , divulged the information over a series of placards which she shared in a Facebook video that has been viewed over half-a-million times .
The singer , writer , public speaker and pastor made the confessions as her son and daughter laid asleep beside her in the bed that she shares with her husband .
Despite claiming that she normally dislikes ` dumb ' videos using handwritten sings , Melissa said she felt compelled to make one because she felt ` so hungover from mom guilt ' .
Her signs read : ' I generally think these -LSB- videos -RSB- are dumb -LRB- except for that one lady who had breast cancer . Hers was awesome ! -RRB-
` Why did I do this video ? Because my family went three days with no toilet paper . '
Beside an asterisk below , she said the family used Kleenex tissues instead before adding : ` I 've been out of laundry detergent for two weeks . And I give zero c *** s. '
In another confession she claims she missed two of her daughter 's last dentist appointments , adding : ` But I 've missed zero of my hair appts . '
She also said that she sent her son to school with a lunch of ` two bags of Cool Ranch Doritos , a boiled egg and a pickle '
Melissa hung her head in shame as she held up the following sign which read : ` And a Coke ! '
She added : ` I 'm so hungover from mom guilt that I 'm letting them fall asleep in here . '
Revealing that her children sleeping soundly beside her she said : ` We can not wake these kids ! '

She then held up a 15-point list of the activities they can not engage in including talking , moving , laughing and sex .
` So yeah ... mom guilt , you win again . But hey at least I get out of number five -LSB- sex -RSB- , ' she added .
The video has divided viewers between those who empathized and found it entertaining and those who accused her of being offensive .
Lori Singleton Cash wrote : ' I love this so much . Only a busy mom can relate . '
Rie Arges said : ' I get it , you are a funny gal ... but have you watched one of those actual -LSB- sign -RSB- stories ...
` Maybe I 'm just sensitive due to being a victim now survivor . They deserve compassion not laughs . It 's exactly what 's wrong with this world . '

@summary
Melissa Radke , from Lufkin , Texas , said she is ` hungover from mom guilt '

@summary
The singer , writer , public speaker and pastor admitted to sending her son to school with two bags of crisps , an egg , a pickle and a Coca-Cola for lunch

@summary
In the video , viewed over half-a-million times , she shared handwritten signs on which she shared her confessions

@summary
Shot on the bed that she shares with her husband , she revealed that her son and daughter were lying asleep beside her

