@title
Truck driver , 55 , who was charged in a crash that killed four college softball players in Oklahoma kills himself

@body
A truck driver who was charged a bus crash that killed four college softball player shot himself dead Friday , just weeks before he was due to stand trial .
The Tarrant County medical examiner 's office determined the cause of death for 55-year-old Russell Staley was suicide , according to the Dallas Morning News .
KXII-TV reported that he died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Staley was driving an 18-wheeler when his truck struck the left side of a bus carrying the North Central Texas College softball team in September 2014 .
He was scheduled to stand trial on March 8 on four counts of first-degree manslaughter in the deaths of Brooke Deckard , 20 , Jaiden Pelton , 19 , Meagan Richardson , 19 , and Katelynn Woodlee , 18 , who were killed in the wreck .
Scroll down for video
The team was returning to Gainesville , Texas , from a scrimmage in Bethany when the northbound semi crossed the median on Interstate 35 near Davis and struck the bus .
Eleven other passengers and Staley were all hospitalized .
In June 2015 , Staley was charged with manslaughter , following a nine-month investigation of the collision by the Oklahoma Highway Patrol .

The National Transportation Safety Board -LRB- NTSB -RRB- released a report of their findings in November 2015 .
The agency found that the probable cause of the crash was a failure by Staley to control his vehicle ` due to incapacitation likely stemming from his use of synthetic cannabinoids ' .
` As a result of the crash , four passengers on the bus were fully or partially ejected and died , ' the report concluded .
The report also determined the bus lacked appropriate crash-worthiness standards , both of which contributed to the severity of the injuries .
` He -LRB- Staley -RRB- said he was distracted by something in the cabin , ' Oklahoma Highway Patrol Captain Ronnie Hampton , said a day after the crash .
Staley told police he was reaching for a cooler to get a soft drink when he felt the truck drift , according to the NTSB report .
A pipe found in the truck 's cab tested positive for a synthetic cannabinoid known as K2 . However , Staley 's drug test results were inconclusive , the Morning News reported .
The NTSB found that Staley 's lack of attempt to take action was not a result of fatigue or reaching for the cooler , but ` due to incapacitation ' .

@summary
Russell Staley , 55 , shot himself dead Friday , weeks before he was to stand trial

@summary
Staley was driver of an 18-wheeler that crashed into a bus in September 2014

@summary
The bus was carrying the North Central Texas College softball team in Oklahoma

@summary
Brooke Deckard , 20 , Jaiden Pelton , 19 , Meagan Richardson , 19 , and Katelynn Woodlee , 18 , were killed in the wreck and 11 others were injured

@summary
Staley was charged with four counts of first degree manslaughter in June 2015

@summary
Investigation found that Staley failed to control vehicle ` due to incapacitation likely stemming from his use of synthetic cannabinoids '

