@title
Study that will terrify parents : Almost HALF of six-year-olds go online in their bedrooms - and a THIRD use messaging service like WhatsApp

@body
Almost half of six-year-olds go online in their bedrooms - and a third use messaging services like WhatsApp , a study has revealed .

A survey of 1,500 parents by Internet Matters shows that six-year-olds are now as digitally-advanced as 10-year-olds were three years ago .
As many as 48 per cent use the internet for general browsing compared with 46 per cent of ten-year-olds in 2014 .
And three quarters of six-year-olds play games on a tablet or a smartphone , 44 per cent go on the internet in their bedrooms and 41 per cent do so unsupervised .
As many as 32 per cent of children aged six used instant messaging , compared to 31 per cent of 10-year-olds in 2013 .
Figures also showed that 27 per cent of six-year-olds go online outside their own home .
Carolyn Bunting , General Manager of Internet Matters , said : ` While the statistics around six-year-olds and their internet habits might be surprising to some , it shows the rapid pace of change in technology and how vital it is for parents to both set up devices safely and understand some of the risks involved when a child goes online .
` While we want to encourage children to explore and enjoy technology throughout their childhood , we also want to make sure parents are on top of exactly what they need to be doing to ensure they are doing it safely , from the very first point they are able to pick up a device , and regularly talking to young children about what they should to do in certain situations is vital .
` Issues that a six-year-old may encounter can range from stranger danger to viewing inappropriate content such as violence or pornography , so it 's vital you have parental controls in place and to ensure the websites and apps they are using are suitable for their age group . '
Psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos , who is an Internet Matters ambassador , said : ` This research shows just how quickly young children are advancing in the digital world . It also serves as a stark reminder why parents need to be extra vigilant and arm their children with the tools to stay safe online .
` As well as setting up the relevant parental controls , it 's important to make sure you set boundaries when it comes to how your children use the internet at home . '
A separate study by UK Safer Internet Centre found that seven in 10 children and young people have seen unsuitable images and videos online .
The vast majority of eight to 17-year-olds questioned -LRB- 84 per cent -RRB- told researchers they had shared a photo online in the last day , with around 17 per cent saying they had done so in the last hour .
Around 70 per cent of this age group said they had seen content which was not suitable for their age in the last year , while among 13 to 17-year-olds alone , almost half -LRB- 45 per cent -RRB- said they had seen nude , or nearly nude , pictures of someone they knew being shared around their school or community .
In addition , just over one in five -LRB- 22 per cent -RRB- of all those surveyed said that someone had posted an image or video in an attempt to bully them .


@summary
Six-year-olds are now as digitally-advanced as 10-year-olds were in 2014

@summary
As many as 48 per cent use the internet for general browsing , study shows

@summary
As many as 27 per cent of six-year-olds go online outside their own home

