@title
` We will welcome you regardless of your faith ' : Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says he will take in refugees as Trump bans travel from Muslim countries to the US

@body
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he would welcome refugees as scores were turned away by the US under President Donald Trump 's travel ban on Sunday .
` To those fleeing persecution , terror & war , Canadians will welcome you , regardless of your faith . Diversity is our strength , ' Trudeau said in a tweet as chaos unfolded at airports across America .
Dozens of people travelling from a handful of Muslim-majority countries have been detained over the weekend .
Trudeau added the hashtag ` WelcomeToCanada ' and later tweeted under it to share a photograph of him welcoming a Syrian refugee to the country last year .
He also plans to share his views on the subject at a meeting with President Trump in the near future , a spokesman said .
` The Prime Minister is looking forward to discussing the successes of Canada 's immigration and refugee policy with the President when they next speak , ' spokeswoman Kate Purchase said .
Protests erupted at airports across the US on Saturday as passengers from Iraq , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia and Yemen were detained despite flying in to the country with legitimate visas or green cards .
It is part of a 90-day travel ban from Muslim-majority countries to the US that was implemented by President Trump on Friday .
The ban has so far displaced 375 people ; 109 were detained as they arrived in America and 173 were stopped from boarding flights to the US overseas .
Eighty-one people from the specified countries who hold visas or green cards were granted waivers and allowed to enter as normal .
The sudden and drastic ban sparked widespread protests at airports where immigrants are being held .
New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport saw some of the largest crowds .
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus revealed on Sunday morning that green card holders would not be subject to the ban ` going forward ' .
President Trump , defiant in his refusal to back down , took to Twitter to insist the country had to strengthen its borders .
` Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting , NOW . Look what is happening all over Europe and , indeed , the world - a horrible mess ! '
` Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers . We can not allow this horror to continue ! ' he said .
A temporary stay blocking the deportation of immigrants under the affected countries was granted by a federal judge on Saturday night .
The Department of Homeland Security however said it would do nothing to weaken the ban .
` President Trump 's Executive Orders remain in place - prohibited travel will remain prohibited , and the U.S. government retains its right to revoke visas at any time if required for national security or public safety , ' it said in a statement .
It urged citizens of the seven Muslim-majority countries not to ban travel to the US .
` If you are a citizen of one of these countries , please do not schedule a visa appointment or pay any visa fees at this time .
` If you already have an appointment scheduled , please DO NOT ATTEND . You will not be permitted entry to the Embassy/Consulate . '
Thousands of donations have poured into the American Civil Liberties Union which is fighting on behalf of those being detained .
The international community has been outraged by the sudden ban . Celebrities and politicians in the UK are calling for Prime Minister Theresa May to take a stand against Trump 's ban .

@summary
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted refugees would be welcome in Canada

@summary
` To those fleeing persecution , terror & war , Canadians will welcome you , regardless of your faith , ' he said

@summary
His comments came as dozens across the US were being detained at airports

@summary
President Trump issued an executive order on Friday banning citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries from the US

@summary
109 were held at US airports and 173 were stopped from boarding flights abroad

@summary
A New York City federal judge issued a temporary stay blocking deportation

@summary
The Department of Homeland Security said it would not affect the harsh ban

@summary
Citizens of Iraq , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia and Yemen are affected

