@title
Liverpool midfielder Lucas booked for embarrassing dive against Watford following weekend of controversial spot kick decisions

@body
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was hit with a yellow card at Vicarage Road after diving to attempt to win a penalty for his side in their crucial clash with Watford .
Referee Craig Pawson went immediately to his pocket as Lucas threw himself to the turf under the challenge of Tom Cleverley , booking the Brazilian on grounds of simulation .
The decision comes hot on the heels of a weekend of mass controversy , whereby dubious penalty decisions were given at both Old Trafford and the Riverside .
In Manchester United 's clash with Swansea striker Marcus Rashford looked to throw himself over onrushing goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski to win the decision , while in the north east Leroy Sane angled his body into Marten de Roon to decieve Kevin Friend into pointing to the spot .
Clearly not getting the memo that penalty decisions were the hot topic of conversation , Lucas charged into the box during the first half at Vicarage Road to send himself tumbling over thin air .
Hornets midfielder Cleverley immediately vented his anger at the Brazilian , though referee Pawson was wise to the antics straight away .
The recent cases of simulation have even led some former professionals to urge the FA to take retrospective action against players , fining or even suspending them as a result of their attempts to fool officials .
Speaking on Match of the Day 2 on Sunday evening , former Liverpool player Danny Murphy admitted : ` Retrospective action is the only way forward or more players will do it . '
Back in the game at Vicarage Road however Lucas picked himself up from the diving incident to provide an assist for Emre Can to sink a sublime acrobatic overhead kick .
The assist means Lucas has provided three assists in his last five Premier League games , as many as in his previous 163 top-flight appearances .

@summary
Liverpool stalwart Lucas received yellow for diving to win a penalty at Watford

@summary
The midfielder threw himself to ground after running into Tom Cleverley

@summary
The spotlight is currently on players looking to deceive the referee in the area

@summary
Last weekend poor decisions were given at both Old Trafford and the Riverside

