@title
PICTURED : Muslim man , 22 , charged over ` trying to travel to Syria to join ISIS ' after being stopped by counter-terrorism police at Sydney Airport

@body
A young Australian man described by police as a ` lone wolf ' has been nabbed by counter-terrorism officers at Sydney Airport allegedly trying to travel to Syria to fight with Islamic State .
Moudasser Taleb , 22 , had taken a taxi to the airport on Thursday to buy a ticket to travel overseas and was carrying army-style clothing and survival kits when arrested , police said .
Taleb , of Middle Eastern background , was known to police for minor matters and was on their radar when his behaviour became more concerning . An investigation was launched in January .
Police charged Taleb with preparing for an incursion into a foreign country with the intention to carry out violent acts on Thursday evening .
The foreign incursion charge carries a maximum penalty of life in prison .
Police claim the Australian-born man from Sydney 's southwest intended to purchase a plane ticket to Lebanon or Turkey .
` We believe he was acting alone in this particular act and was radicalised by himself , ' Deputy Commissioner Dave Hudson told reporters in Sydney .
` We are alleging through online communication he was radicalised and then made a decision to travel overseas and fight for Islamic State .
` People try and source that material themselves rather than being approached . '
Mr Hudson said Taleb had been engaging with people overseas , but does n't believe Taleb 's family were involved or had prior knowledge of his attempt to flee the country .
' -LRB- It 's -RRB- very much a lone wolf factor - he 's been radicalised online and we do n't believe that he 's been involved with any other people in NSW or Australia , ' the commander of investigations and counter-terrorism said .
Taleb was handcuffed and escorted out of Sydney Airport by several plain-clothes officers on Thursday morning .
He has been co-operating with investigators since .
Police raided his Panania home on Thursday , removing evidence in brown paper bags and seizing a computer .
` Actions taken this morning were taken not only to protect the people of NSW but more broadly overseas , ' Australian Federal Police Assistant Commissioner Ian McCartney told reporters in Sydney .
He said there had been a reduction in the ` flow of individuals that want to travel to a conflict zone , particularly in the last six to 12 months ' .
Taleb has been refused bail and will appear before Sydney 's Central Local Court on Friday .


@summary
Moudasser Taleb , 22 , arrested by counter-terrorism officers at Sydney Airport

@summary
He was allegedly trying to travel to Syria to fight with Islamic State

@summary
Taleb , of Middle Eastern background , was known to police for minor matters

