@title
Pool parties , private jets and legions of female admirers : Bodyguards to the rich and famous flaunt their glamorous lives and VERY bulked up bodies on Instagram

@body
Forget superyachts and palatial mansions , a hot bodyguard is the latest must-have status symbol for A-list celebrities .
Peter Van der Veen who looks after Adele and Greg Lenz Jennifer Lawrence have become recognisable names in their own right , after fans spotted them guarding the stars and started swooning over them .
So it 's no surprise that fellow security staff have been doing their best to get noticed on Instagram , by showing off their enviable lifestyles as they jet around the world with wealthy clients - not to mention the very muscular bodies that make them ideal for the job .
Private security guards to the likes of Chris Brown , Scott Disick and 50 Cent have been showcasing the trappings of their career including pool parties , private jet travel and wads of cash on Instagram under the hashtag #bodyguardlife .
It 's not surprising to see bodyguards vying for a slice of fame , after Adele 's minder Peter Van der Veen was propelled to stardom himself thanks to his striking good looks .
The Dutchman 's chiselled jaw , piercing blue eyes and bulging muscles set pulses racing after fans noticed him by the singer 's side .
Kim Kardashian has a whole security team surrounding her , but in particular stood out .
Mike of Empire Bodyguards is one of Miami 's best known security figures and was spotted keeping a watchful eye on Scott Disick as he partied with girls on the beach .
And Jennifer Lawrence 's minder Greg Lenz has also set pulses racing , although fans were disappointed to learn he 's happily married .
Now other minders to wealthy and high profile clients are finding Instagram fame as they show off the perks of the job on line .
Bodyguard Doublej2334 from LA combines his job with working on his impressively bulked up frame with partying with scantily clad beauties at pool parties at Hollywood 's Roosevelt hotel .
Another private security officer , Bone_tactical , has developed a self defence tool called the Bone Breaker on a bottle opener keychain .
He 's seen posing in his stars and stripes swimming trunks by the pool while two female acquaintances use it to crack open the beers .
Naturally , you become accustomed to travelling in style when you 're guarding the super rich .



Mrfain3 pointed out as much when he shared a photo showing him ushering his client out a limo towards a private plane .
` Securing my principal as we jump on the jet to the next destination , ' he explained .
Frankdellatto , who has worked for the singer Chris Brown , is also a fan of the private jet and posed with the star on the steps of his private plane .
Mike of Empire Bodyguards from Miami is also a fan of the high life , littering his Instagram account with wads of cash and designer watches .
The dapper hunk is the CEO of a company specialising in protecting executives , dignitaries , politicians , and families with a high net value .
His clients include Scott Disick and hip hop artist Gucci Mane , and he describes his gun as his ` partner of crime ' .


@summary
Bodyguards to Scott Disick , Chris Brown and 50 Cent show off lives online

@summary
Bulked up hunks are n't shy about flaunting their muscular physiques

@summary
Inspired by example of Adele 's bodyguard who has his own fan base

@summary
Enjoy travel by private jet and relaxing on super yachts

