@title
Trump says Mexico has beat us ` to a pulp ' on trade and ` made us look foolish ' -- even as he describes a ` very friendly ' hour-long call with the country 's president

@body
President Donald Trump railed against Mexico once again at a televised news conference at the White House Friday -- even as he described a ` friendly ' call with the country 's president and a ` very good ' relationship between them .
Trump got asked about Mexico after a planned meeting between the two North American leaders got scrubbed following an angry clash over Trump 's insistence that Mexico pay for construction of a border war .
Mexico ` has out-negotiated us and beat us to a pulp through our past leaders , ' Trump vented .
` They 've made us look foolish , ' he added , appearing at the White House in the East Room in his first joint press conference , along with British Prime Minister Theresa May .
` The border is soft and weak , ' Trump continued . ` Drugs are pouring in . And I 'm not going to let that happen , ' the president vowed before praising his homeland security secretary , retired Gen. John Kelly .
` We are going to be working on a fair relationship and a new relationship , ' Trump said . ` But the United States can not continue to lose vast amounts of business , vast amounts of companies and millions and millions of people losing their jobs . '
` That wo n't happen with me , ' he said .
Even as he brandished more tough talk , Trump expressed satisfaction with the state of his relationship with Mexico 's president , Enrique Pena Nieto .
` We are going to be working on a fair relationship and a new relationship . But the United States can not continue to lose vast amounts of business , vast amounts of companies and millions and millions of people losing their jobs , ' Trump said .
He did n't reveal much substance about the phone call .
` We had a very good call . I have been very strong on Mexico . I have great respect for Mexico , I love the Mexican people , ' Trump said . ' I work with the Mexican people all the time . '
` We are going to renegotiate our trade deals and we are going to renegotiate other aspects of our relationships with Mexico , ' Trump said , without further explanation . ` And in the end I think it will be good for both countries . '
Trump appeared to take care with his comments to avoid another blow up . ` It was a very , very friendly call . I think you 'll hear that from the president , ' Trump said .
` Over the coming months we 'll be negotiating and we 'll see what happens , ' Trump said .
` The United States President Donald J. Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto spoke by phone this morning for an hour . The call was mutually arranged by their teams . '
` The two had a productive and constructive call regarding the bilateral relationship between the two countries , the current trade deficit the United States has with Mexico , the importance of the friendship between the two nations , and the need for the two nations to work together to stop drug cartels , drug trafficking and illegal guns and arms sales . '
` With respect to payment for the border wall , both presidents recognize their clear and very public differences of positions on this issue but have agreed to work these differences out as part of a comprehensive discussion on all aspects of the bilateral relationship . '
` Both presidents have instructed their teams to continue the dialogue to strengthen this important strategic and economic relationship in a constructive way . '
* Note : Pena Nieto 's office added : ` The presidents also agreed for now not to talk publicly about this controversial issue . '
Extending his view to other nations , he added : ` I 'm going to rep them as somebody should rep them not how they 've been rep in the past where we lose to every single country . '
May declined a reporter 's invitation to weigh in on the issue , following Trump 's direction . ` The relationship between the United States and Mexico is a matter for the United States and Mexico , ' she said .
The White House released a ` joint statement ' with Mexico following the call , but it included an important distinction with what the Mexicans put out .
` The two had a productive and constructive call regarding the bilateral relationship between the two countries , ' according to the official White House statement .
It continued : ` With respect to payment for the border wall , both presidents recognize their clear and very public differences of positions on this issue but have agreed to work these differences out as part of a comprehensive discussion on all aspects of the bilateral relationship . '
` Both presidents have instructed their teams to continue the dialogue to strengthen this important strategic and economic relationship in a constructive way , ' according to the statement .
However , the statement put out by the Mexican side added an additional line : ` The presidents also agreed for now not to talk publicly about this controversial issue . '
Trump fired another shot in his standoff with Mexico over construction of a border wall Friday morning , tweeting that the country has ` taken advantage ' of the United States -- also holding a phone call with the county 's president .

Trump was back on the attack after tweeting Thursday that it would be better to cancel an upcoming meeting with Mexico 's president if the country was ` unwilling ' to pay for the border wall he is going to build .
` Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough , ' Trump tweeted .
` Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change , NOW ! '
By early Friday afternoon , the Associated Press reported that Trump had spoken with Mexican President Pena Nieto for an hour on a phone call amid the furious y dispute over a border wall .
The tweet and the call came following a day where his clash with Mexico boiled over into a diplomatic imbroglio , with Nieto spiking a planned meeting between the two leaders .
Trump told Republicans meeting at a retreat in Philadelphia that the decision was mutual . Top GOP leaders appear to be on board with the idea , agreeing themselves on a price tag of about $ 12 billion to $ 15 billion that Trump says will be borne by Mexico either through direct payments or through taxation , such as a ` border adjustment ' idea he floated to slap a 20 per cent tax on imports .
The U.S. trade deficit with Mexico is about $ 60 billion , according to federal government data .
Trump 's broadside came shortly after former Mexican President Vincente Fox once again blasted the idea of Mexico paying for the wall , and said the fight had led to a serious diplomatic situation between the two neighboring countries .
' I think we are at the very lowest point since the war between Mexico and the United States , ' Fox said , referring to the 1846-1848 war that resulted in the U.S. seizing about a third of Mexico 's territory .
` It 's nonsense . He 's playing around with American people , ' Fox added .
Then he made another historical comparison likely to get the attention of U.S. businesses , who he said would be harmed by Trump 's border tax that he said business and U.S. consumers would end up paying .
He said relations were at the lowest point since the war ` or before the nationalization of the oil by president Cardenas where he took away from the oil companies that were abusing over Mexico . '
` He took away the industry and nationalized it and I think it was a very courageous very strong thing to do but welcomed by all Mexicans , just as today president Pena standing front of this playing guy Trump has brought back very strong Mexican spirit and we 're ready for the trade war we 're ready of course for not paying that wall , ' he said .
Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway told CBS News on Friday that Mexico would pay for the wall ` because they get an awful lot from this country . '
Following the enactment of the NAFTA trade deal in 1994 , U.S. imports from Mexico soared from $ 65 billion to $ 295 billion in 2016 , MarketWatch reported .
Trump said Thursday that he and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto ` agreed ' to cancel a White House visit that was scheduled for next Tuesday .
` Unless Mexico is going to treat the United States fairly , with respect , such a meeting would be fruitless , ' Trump told Republican lawmakers today in Philadelphia . ` And I want to go a different route . We have no choice . '
Pena Nieto claimed in a tweet before Trump 's remarks at the GOP retreat that it was his government that called it off .
The decision came after Trump told the Mexican leader he may as well stay at home .
Trump said this morning on Twitter , ` If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting . '



Scroll down for video
Pena Nieto huffed right back at Trump on his own Twitter account .
` This morning we informed the White House that I will not attend the work meeting planned for next Tuesday with the POTUS , ' he said in a Spanish to English translation provided by Reuters .
In a follow up message Pena Nieto said , ` Mexico reiterates its willingness to work with the United States to reach accords that favor both nations . '
Trump had launched an assault on the North American Free Trade Agreement in another message this morning .
He told lawmakers from his political party later in the day that it 's a ` defective transaction ' that would have been renegotiated already ` except that the politicians were too preoccupied to do so . '
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters making the short hop this morning with Trump to a Republican retreat in Philadelphia that the White House intends to ` keep the lines of communication open ' with Pena Nieto 's government .
` We will look for a date to schedule something in the future , ' Spicer said .


After Trump authorized immediate construction on the wall he 's long said Mexico will pay for on Wednesday , a senior aide to Pena Nieto told AP that the head of state might cancel his visit to Washington .
Pena Nieto did not say one way or another in a national address Wednesday while clearly stating : ` Mexico will not pay for any wall . '
Trump fired back this morning on Twitter , telling him it ` would be better ' not to come in that case .
Pena Nieto has repeatedly said his country wo n't fund the construction of a physical barrier dividing Mexico from the United States . Trump has steadfastly said it will .
The American taxpayer will foot the bill for the border wall ` for the sake of speed , ' Trump has said . Mexico will be paying the money back .
` We 're going to be starting those negotiations relatively soon . And we will be , in a form , reimbursed by Mexico , ' he told ABC 's David Muir in a Wednesday interview . The wall would cost the U.S. ` nothing , ' he proclaimed .
The U.S. president brushed off Pena Nieto 's rebuffs in the interview , telling Muir , ` He has to say that . '
` I 'm just telling you there will be a payment . It will be in a form , perhaps a complicated form , ' Trump said .
Pena Nieto stood his ground in a video address Wednesday night . ' I have said time and time again , Mexico will not pay for any wall . '
A government official told the Associated Press early Wednesday evning that Pena Nieto was ` considering ' a cancellation on his Jan. 31 White House visit .
Opposition politicians were demanding that he call off the trip in the wake of Trump 's executive order that moves forward with the proposed border wall .
Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas , a former presidential candidate who ran for office on the leftist party 's ticket , said Pena Nieto , a centrist , ` will be received there by having the door slammed in his face .
' I think the least we can do in these conditions would be not to show up , cancel the visit to the United States and find a dignified position for Mexico , ' he said , according to the Guardian .
Pena Nieto 's approval rating , 12 percent in a recent poll , is the lowest of any modern Mexican president .
He acknowledged after a previous meeting with Trump in Mexico , when the Republican was just a presidential candidate , that he mistakenly failed to say at their joint news conference that his country would not fund the construction of the wall .
Having said it behind closed doors , Pena Nieto did not confront Trump publicly until he came under scrutiny in the press . He challenged Trump later on the American politician 's favorite medium : Twitter .
Today it was Trump who put Pena Nieto on notice on the social media platform .
` The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico . It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers ... of jobs and companies lost , ' he said in a two-part tweet .
At which point he added , ` If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting . '
Trump has said all along that he intends to revise the decades-old North American Free Trade Agreement .
He 's held back on a directive to his administration so far , presumably out of deference to Pena Nieto until their now-cancelled Tuesday talk at the White House .
' I will not allow the taxpayers or the citizens of the United States to pay the cost of this defective transaction , NAFTA , one that should have been renegotiated many years ago , except that the politicians were too preoccupied to do so , ' Trump told his party today .
Looking around the room , he quipped , ` Now these people are not in that category . You understand that this is a different group . I think ! Right ?
` To that end , the president of Mexico and myself have agreed to cancel our planned meeting schedule for next week . Unless Mexico is going to treat the United States fairly , with respect , such a meeting would be fruitless and I want to go a different route . We have no choice . '

Following his signing of the executive orders affecting the United States and Mexico on Wednesday , Trump had said he expected the border countries ' relationship to improve as a result of his actions .
The ` unprecedented surge ' of illegal immigrants entering the United States by way of Mexico is bad for both countries , he said .
Likewise , Trump said the renewed emphasis on the elimination of cartels , illegal weapons and illicit cash coming from drug dealing will be beneficial to Mexico .
' I want to emphasize that we will be working in particular with our friends in Mexico to improve safety and economic opportunity on both sides of the border , ' Trump stated Wednesday . Adding , ' I have deep admiration for the people of Mexico . '
Pena Nieto , who had bromance-style relations with Trump 's predecessor , Barack Obama , said in his Wednesday night address , ` Mexico reaffirms its friendship with the people of the United States and its willingness to reach agreements with its government . '
But , he said , Mexico will not pay for the border wall .


@summary
President Donald Trump went after Mexico again at a Friday news conference and morning tweet

@summary
He said Mexico has ` taken advantage ' of the U.S. with ` massive ' trade deficits

@summary
He spoke to Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in an hour-long phone call Friday

@summary
Trump and Nieto clashed Thursday over his insistence that Mexico pay for a border wall , resulting in the cancellation of a planned meeting between the two leaders

@summary
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox said Friday relations were at the lowest point ` since the war between Mexico and the United States '

