@title
Champions League remains the final frontier for Diego Simeone and his Atletico Madrid side ... but once again it 's Real Madrid and Zinedine Zidane standing in their way

@body
Diego Simeone and Zinedine Zidane only ever faced each other in one Madrid derby as players and it did not go well for the Argentine coach -- Ronaldo Nazario scored against him after 16 seconds .
It was back in 2003 with Simeone at the tail end of his career and David Beckham in his first season in the Spanish capital playing for then-Madrid coach Carlos Quieroz .
Simeone had been moved into the centre of Atletico 's defence -- an experiment that failed inside the first minute -- Nazario powered through and scored past German Burgos -LRB- Now Simeone 's No 2 at Atletico -RRB- .
Raul scored the second goal in a 2-0 win from a Beckham pass . It was yet another victory for Real Madrid who were in the midst of a run of 14 seasons without losing the city derby .
How Simeone has changed things since then -- no longer does the red-and-white half of the city cower in fear as the shadow of their bigger neighbour looms -- they are now a match for their rivals on almost every front .
But for all that Simeone has smashed down the walls that once separated Atletico Madrid from Real Madrid he has still not led them to victory in the Champions League -- it 's the final frontier .
After two lost finals in 2016 and 2014 and a quarter-final defeat in 2015 this is the fourth successive season they have stood between him and the European Cup .
` He has done a fantastic job , taking on the team when he did and turning them into such a good side , ' Simeone said about Zidane on Monday .
` Both teams know each other so well , ' responded Zidane . ` Neither of us will be inventing anything new . '
Zidane seems to glide through his tenure as Madrid boss . He wears the look of a man who was once the greatest footballer on the planet .
He won the World Cup for France scoring twice in the final , so why would he let questions over whether he picked the right full back or made the best substitution bother him ?
Simeone is all the more intense . He had a wonderful career but never reached Zidane 's heights and winning the European Cup -- if he does it -- will be his greatest achievement .
There were fewer smiles from him on Monday as he frowned through his press conference expertly swerving questions and giving as little away as possible .
He has built this Atletico Madrid machine on the basis of sound defending . They have only conceded one goal every two games so far in this season 's competition .
So obsessed is Simeone with the away goals rule that more than ever his emphasis will be on scoring in the first game , however .
He believes the rule gives the team that plays away in the second leg an unfair advantage because , in the case of extra-time , it gives them an extra 30 minutes knowing that scoring could count double .
So Atletico must score -- against a team that has scored in each of their last 58 games , but let in three times as many goals as Atletico Madrid .
It is a bank-holiday Tuesday in Madrid -LSB- yes that 's a thing in Spain -RSB- and so the City was slow to rise from its morning slumber but things will build as the day goes on and the streets will clear from 8.30 pm local time as the bars fill for what is being called the ` Euroderby ' .
They proudly declared when the draw was made that ` Madrid had already reached the Cardiff final ' Now it 's time to find out whether it will be Real or Atletico .
This is a city divided -- Diario AS even sent reporters to the Carabanchel neighbourhood of the city to speak to people at the point where ` Calle de Real Madrid ' crosses with ` Calle de Atletico de Madrid ' .
Simeone and Zidane know that they carry the hopes of the residents of those two streets and of all Madrileños on their shoulders . The latter will be hoping for a repeat of that 2003 meeting as players .
Simeone might prefer to look further back . As a player in Italy he face Zidane six times only losing once . In the 1999-2000 season Simeone even scored the winning goal for Lazio over Juventus .
Asked who would be playing at right-back tonight , Diego Godin joked on Monday that maybe Simeone


@summary
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid set to meet in the Champions League last four

@summary
First leg takes place at the Bernabeu on Tuesday ; second leg next Wednesday

@summary
Real beat their city rivals in the Champions League final in 2014 and 2016

@summary
They also knocked them out in the 2015 quarter-finals , 1-0 on aggregate

@summary
Success in the Champions League remains the final frontier for Atletico

@summary
Zinedine Zidane , meanwhile , has taken elite management in his stride

@summary
Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid combined XI : Who makes it into our dream team ?

@summary
Follow : Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid , UEFA Champions League semi-final

