@title
A gift he can really bite into ! Company creates EDIBLE Father 's Day greeting cards that smell and taste like MEAT

@body
If you 're not sure what to get your dad this Father 's Day , one company is giving customers more bang for the buck by offering greeting cards that are edible - and taste like meat .
Moonpig , a UK-based personalized card and gift retailer that also ships to the US , has launched a range of ` Meating Cards ' that come in two different flavors : BBQ and Spicy Hot .
The limited-edition cards are made of rice paper and infused with edible scents and ink that make them smell and taste just like your dad 's favorite meats .
In order to give the cards an ` authentic ' flavor , the BBQ cards are smoked with hickory chips for 24 hours , while the Spicy Hot version is seasoned with cayenne pepper extract oil .
` Well Done Dad ! You 're Flamin ' Brilliant , ' reads one card . ` Dad You 're Awesome Sauce ! ' says the other .

And while the cards are said to pack a meaty punch , they do n't actually contain any meat extract , making them suitable for vegetarians who enjoy the smoky flavoring .
According to the company , more than a fifth of the gifts its sells for Father 's Day are food-based , with sales increasing by more than 25 per cent year after year .
The stats inspired Moonpig to create personalized cards that the recipients can really take a bite of .

` Our `` Meating Cards '' allow dads to enjoy their favorite BBQ or spicy flavors without lifting a finger in the kitchen , ' said James Sturrock , managing director of Moonpig .
` While we love the classic Father 's Day gifts , we 're always on the lookout for different ways to help make dad 's day special , and with food gifts being so popular with our customers , these cards are a delicious prospect . '
Unsurprisingly , these are n't the type of cards that you want sitting on your mantel or taped to your refrigerator .
Moonpig advises that the edible cards be kept at room temperature , noting that they are best consumed immediately upon opening .
After trying out the edible cards , parenting blogger Papa Pukka said they tasted great .
' I never know what to do with old greeting cards and I 'm always ready for a meaty snack , so this is great , ' he said . ` Also , eating paper makes me feel like a spy , and this paper has a surprisingly full flavor . '

@summary
Moonpig , a personalized card and gift retailer , has launched a range of ` Meating Cards ' that come in two different flavors : BBQ and Spicy Hot

@summary
The limited-edition cards are made of rice paper and infused with edible scents and ink that make them smell and taste just like your dad 's favorite meats

