@title
Trump reveals Steve Scalise is ` in some trouble ' after visiting him and asks for prayers for other critically-wounded victims of the Congress shooter

@body
President Donald Trump said Thursday that Congressman Steve Scalise is in ` some trouble ' and his recovery from a shooting has been ` much more difficult ' than expected .
Trump rearranged his birthday plans Wednesday evening to visit Scalise at MedStar Washington Hospital Center , where the congressman was recuperating after two surgeries . He underwent a third on Thursday .
He said in a Thursday morning update on Scalise 's condition that he informed the congressman 's family that ` the entire country is pulling for them , praying for them ' and ` sends its love . '

` He 's a great fighter , and he 's going to be OK , we hope , ' Trump said Thursday morning , offering thoughts and prayers to the Republican politician and his family once again .
The House Majority Whip was critically injured Wednesday morning at a baseball practice with his GOP colleagues when a deranged gunman opened fire on the group .
Scroll down for video
Scalise , two police officers , a lobbyist , and a Capitol Hill staffer were hit in the melee .
Trump said he visited one of the law enforcement officers while he was at the hospital on Wednesday , in addition to Scalise - Special Agent Crystal Griner , a ` terrific young woman , of the Capitol Police . '
She and Special Agent David Bailey , the officer who was hit at the scene , ` ran right into the fire . They ran right into those guns and bullets and they saved a lot of lives , ' Trump said .
` America salutes both of their courage , they have great , great , courage , we all salute them . We also salute the men and women of the Alexandria police , fire and rescue and all of the first responders . The timing and the speed and the professionalism was incredible . They performed with bravery and with skill , ' the president said .
Tyson Foods lobbyist Matt Mica was also ` badly wounded . ' The president said the nation 's ` heartfelt prayers ' go out to him and his family .
` Anything you need we are here for you . Hopefully , Matt will be OK , ' Trump said Thursday . ` In these difficult hours it 's more important than ever to help each other , care for each other and remind each other that we are all united by our love of our great and beautiful country . '


Scalise remained in critical condition on Wednesday night .

The last update from the hospital came at 8:15 pm . The president arrived less than half an hour later .
MedStar said the rifle shot to Scalise 's left hip ` travelled across his pelvis , fracturing bones , injuring internal organs , and causing severe bleeding . '
Scalise went thorough two surgeries , the second of which was intended to keep from him bleeding out .
` He has received multiple units of blood transfusion . His condition is critical , and he will require additional operations . We will provide periodic updates , ' the statement said .
Trump had spent the early part of the evening with kids Eric , Tiffany , Donald Jr. and Ivanka , as well as their respective spouses and children as part of a somber birthday gathering .
All had photos of themselves at the White House on Instagram . Trump himself was present in just one of the images - a photo with Tiffany that his daughter posted .

As darkness fell , the president and First Lady Melania got into a motorcade and took off for MedStar in Washington .
That 's where Scalise had been taken that morning , after being hit in the hip by a rifle round fired by disgruntled Trump-hater James T Hodgkinson .
Hodgkinson , 66 , of Illinois , had also managed to injure a Congress staffer and two police officers before being shot dead . All three of the injured parties are expected to make full recoveries .
It 's not known whether Scalise was conscious when the Trumps arrived , but the president spoke with his family in the intensive care unit , suggesting that might not be the case .
Trump sat by Scalise 's bedside during the half-hour visit , which White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called 'em otional ' .

While at the hospital , Trump also met with Griner , who was shot in the ankle as she defended the GOP representatives and senators during the attack .
And he greeted other Capitol Police cops who had gathered at the hospital , thanking them for their service .
The first couple was later seen exiting the hospital , guided out by Dr Ira Labin . The president shook Labin 's hand before departing .
After leaving , he tweeted : ` More Just left hospital . Rep. Steve Scalise , one of the truly great people , is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter . Pray for Steve ! '
Vice President Mike Pence visited Rep. Steve Scalise Thursday morning at the Washington hospital where the lawmaker is recovering form a gunshot wound .
Pence , a former House leader , visited his former colleague just a day the shooting at a Virginia field where Republicans were practicing baseball in advance of the annual congressional game .
He ` checked in ' on Scalise , according to a Pence spokesman .
The vice president spoke to Scalise family members , as well as , Griner , one of two hero cops who shot at and ultimately killed the gunman . He was accompanied by his wife , Karen Pence . The couple also thanked doctors and staff


Pence tweeted shortly after leaving the hospital that he and his wife had thanked doctors and hospital staff .
The vice president also sought prayers for Scalise and the Capitol Police officer .
After the hospital visit , Pence headed to Miami for a conference on Central America and meetings with the leaders of El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala .
Scalise had been fielding balls at second base when he was shot and then dragged himself away from the infield in a trail of blood . The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois .
The assailant had nursed grievances against President Trump and the GOP - and was shot by police . He died from his injuries later .


On Wednesday night Illinois Representative Rodney Davis told Fox News Politics that ` political rhetorical terrorism ' was to blame for the attack .
Davis was one of the men present at the GOP ballgame when Hodgkinson - who had written scathing indictments of Trump and the GOP online - opened fire .
` This political rhetoric and political discourse that has led to hate has led to gunfire , ' Davis said .
' I never thought I 'd go to a baseball practice for charity and have to dodge bullets . This has got to stop , and it 's got to stop today . '
He added : ` We 've got to ratchet down the rhetoric that we 've seen , not only on social media , but in the media , in the 24-hour news cycle .
` These are the things that have to stop . this is the result , I believe , of political rhetorical terrorism . That has to stop . '
Earlier on Wednesday , Trump had praised the ` heroic actions ' of the officers who took down Hodgkinson in a speech .
He said that ` many lives ' would have been lost if they had not been there .
` Congressman Scalise is a friend and a very good friend . He 's a patriot , and he 's a fighter , ' Trump said .
` He will recover from this assault , and Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers , not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation and , frankly , the entire world . '

Trump called off a trip to the Department of Labor on Wednesday as Washington reeled over the shooting .
The president had planned to sign an executive order at the department and deliver a speech on an apprenticeship initiative . He signed the order on Thursday at the White House , instead .
On Wednesday , House Speaker Paul Ryan addressed his colleagues in a floor speech in which he called for the representatives to come together across partisan divides .
Pointing to a photo of Democrats praying for the wounded , he said : ` You know , every day , we come here to test and challenge each other . We feel so deeply about the things we fight for and believe in .
` At times , our emotions can get the best of us . We are all imperfect . But we do not shed our humanity when we enter this chamber . '
He concluded by saying , ` These were our brothers and sisters in the line of fire , ' and that ` An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . '
He was followed by minority leader Nancy Pelosi , who noted her shared Italian heritage with Scalise .
She told lawmakers : ' I pray for all of you , all of you together ' every Sunday - now not just for their well-being , but also for their safety .

James T. Hodgkinson raged against Donald Trump and the Republican establishment in a number of social media posts .
The fervent Bernie Sanders support also shared many articles and images in support of the defeated Democratic presidential hopeful .
The 66-year-old shooter 's social media history has been highlighted in the wake of Wednesday 's shooting .
As you all know , shortly after 7:00 a.m. this morning , a gunman opened fire on members of Congress and their staffs as they were practicing for tomorrow 's annual charity baseball game .
Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime , and the assailant has now died from his injuries . The FBI is leading the investigation and will continue to provide updates as new information becomes available .
Congressman Steve Scalise , a member of House leadership , was shot and badly wounded , and is now in stable condition at the hospital , along with two very courageous Capitol Police officers . At least two others were also wounded .
Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very , very brutal assault .
Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims .
Congressman Scalise is a friend , and a very good friend . He 's a patriot and he 's a fighter . He will recover from this assault .
And , Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation and , frankly , the entire world . America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting .
I spoke with Steve 's wife , Jennifer , and I pledged to her our full and absolute support - anything she needs . We are with her and with the entire Scalise family .
I have also spoken with Chief Matthew Verderosa - he 's doing a fantastic job - of the Capitol Police to express our sympathies for his wounded officers and to express my admiration for their courage . Our brave Capitol Police perform a challenging job with incredible skill , and their sacrifice makes democracy possible .
We also commend the brave first responders from Alexandria Police , Fire and Rescue who rushed to the scene .
Everyone on that field is a public servant - our courageous police , our congressional aides who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion , and our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people .
We may have our differences , but we do well , in times like these , to remember that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because , above all , they love our country .
We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans , that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace , and that we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good .
Please take a moment today to cherish those you love , and always remember those who serve and keep us safe . God bless them all , God bless you , and God Bless America .





@summary
Trump visited Scalise at MedStar Washington Hospital Center , where the congressman was recuperating after surgery , on Wednesday evening

@summary
GOP lawmaker was shot by a gunman and left critically injured in the morning

@summary
Earlier in the day Trump commended Scalise as a ` fighter ' who would ` recover '

@summary
Said in a Thursday morning update that Scalise is in ` some trouble ' and his recovery has been ` much more difficult ' than expected

@summary
` He 's a great fighter , and he 's going to be OK , we hope , ' Trump said

@summary
Trump tweeted upon leaving the hospital that Scalise was ` in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter ; it was unclear whether the congressman was conscious

