@title
El Clasico referee knows he will make mistakes but insists he 'll treat biggest game in club football like any other

@body
On Sunday evening the two biggest club sides in the world will meet in a showpiece fixture that could decide the fate of the Spanish title .
With Barcelona trailing Real Madrid by three points going into the final few weeks of the season , the 22 players on the pitch will have the eyes of the world on them .
But the 23rd participant in the match will also be under scrutiny - referee Alejandro Hernandez Hernandez knows he is in for a difficult night .
Referees in England almost never speak to the media - so how come this is allowed in La Liga ? Sportsmail 's man in Spain Pete Jenson explains :
Things are slightly more relaxed around referees in Spain because there is no written ruling that prohibits them talking to the media .
There is , however , an unwritten understanding that they do n't give interviews , certainly not in the aftermath of games .
Media make requests from time to time and are usually turned down but on this occasion that was n't the case . Marca and Cuatro TV took advantage of the fact that referees were at the Royal Federation of Spanish Football 's -LRB- RFEF -RRB- headquarters in Las Rozas just outside Madrid this week doing fitness tests and sharing information and ideas ahead of the run in to the end of the season .
Alejandro Hernandez Hernandez was asked for an interview and he was given permission by RFEF to speak with journalists about Sunday 's Clasico .
The most surprising thing about the interview is that he was asked directly about an incident earlier in the season when he refereed a game between Betis and Barcelona and admitted he failed to see that a shot had crossed the line denying Barcelona a goal .

Both clubs are regularly at the centre of refereeing controversy , with Real Madrid 's win over Bayern Munich this week questioned because of two offside goals and a controversial red card , and Barcelona 's defeat of PSG earlier this season similarly highlighting refereeing mistakes .
But Hernandez Hernandez - ahead of his second Clasico - insists he will treat it like any other game .
' I will treat the players normally like I would in any other game , I have already managed this game once in Barcelona and now I am ready to do it again , ' he told Spanish paper Marca .
' I will do my best to get every decision right because for us it is a chance to showcase our ability . '
` There are no doubts about how prepared we are , we are ready to move into the decisive stage of the season and it is a privilege for me to referee the biggest match on the planet at club level . '
The 34-year-old official has suffered controversies of his own this season , most notably when he failed to award Barcelona a goal against Real Betis despite the ball crossing the line .
However , while he admits mistakes are inevitable , he says he is happy to talk about his failings as a way of trying to improve .

` Sometimes you go home and you 're annoyed because you know that you have failed , ' said the Spaniard . ` Mistakes hurt because your professional prestige is at stake and with that there is a threat to you being able to provide for your family .

` There is also the impact you have on the clubs involved , you can affect their entire season with one mistake , no referee deliberately makes errors but everyone will judge your performance .
` Of course we fail from time to time but we are the first to hold our hands up and talk about it .
` We do n't enjoy it but we assess ourselves and look to improve , however we would like our failures and successes to be viewed in the same way as is the case with the rest of the sport .
` When you talk about a striker you talk about the number of goals he has scored and not the number of chances he has missed , it should be the same for referees , we get far more decisions right than we do wrong . '

@summary
Real Madrid host Barcelona in La Liga title race showdown on Sunday

@summary
Referee Alejandro Hernandez Hernandez is sure to be in the spotlight

@summary
But Hernandez Hernandez insists he will treat the game like he would any other

@summary
` There are no doubts about how prepared we are , ' says the official

