@title
One crash a day involving cyclists and pedestrians : 50 % rise in accidents in the past seven years

@body
The number of accidents between cyclists and pedestrians has soared by almost 50 per cent in seven years .
One crash on pavements or roads now takes place every day as the number of cyclists increases . The total number of accidents rose to 408 in 2015 , according to official figures , a significant jump from the 274 in 2009 .
They involved several collisions in which pedestrians were killed and the cyclists were subsequently prosecuted for reckless behaviour .
Campaigners branded the figures worrying and said more work needs to be done to keep all those on the pavements and roads safe .
The statistics emerged after police in one north London borough said they would no longer pursue cyclists seen riding on the pavement . Instead of receiving a fixed # 50 penalty , they will be asked why they are not on the road .
Research by analysts Mapmechanics found over the seven-year period , 3,476 people were injured -- 696 seriously . The Department for Transport figures showed accidents between cyclists and pedestrians left 525 casualties , including two deaths , in 2015 -- a 47 per cent increase from 2009 .
The biggest regional spike was in London , where accidents jumped from 124 in 2009 to 226 in 2015 .
Among the most serious crashes was that involving Philip Benwell , who knocked down a schoolgirl and left her for dead after jumping a red light in 2013 .
He was jailed for a year after admitting causing grievous bodily harm . He was initially charged with ` wanton and furious cycling ' under a law enacted in 1861 .
Another cyclist , Darryl Gittoes , was also jailed for a year in 2015 after knocking down a 73-year-old woman in Hereford while riding without brakes and a flat rear tyre . The victim died nine days later .
David Cockrell , of Mapmechanics , said many accidents will have taken place at crossings , junctions or on pavements .
` Trying to prevent accidents and injuries caused by cyclist and pedestrian crashes remains a significant challenge for the authorities , ' he said .
Tompion Platt , of Living Streets , a charity which campaigns for ` everyday walking ' , called for more to be done to protect pedestrians .
` Mixing people walking and cycling together can cause fear and even serious injury , ' he said .
But Sam Jones , of Cycling UK , said the ` perception ' of a conflict between cyclists and pedestrians ` simply does not exist ' , pointing out that most serious or fatal accidents involving pedestrians are due to collisions with motor vehicles .
He said : ` We appreciate the concern but we can not agree -LSB- pavement cycling -RSB- is the danger many believe it must be . '

@summary
Accidents rose from 274 in 2009 to 408 in 2015 , a 47 per cent increase

@summary
In several collisions , pedestrians were killed and the cyclist was prosecuted

@summary
Biggest regional spike was London , which rose from 124 in 2009 to 226 in 2015

