@title
Sun , sea and secret police ! North Korean dictator plans Benidorm-style resort after officials from the country were left ` amazed ' by the coastal town during tour of Spain

@body
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has ordered the construction of a Benidorm-style beach resort after officials were left ` amazed ' by a trip to tourism hotspots in Spain .
Twenty officials from the state visited a number of spots in Spain , including Benidorm , Salou and Barcelona on a month-long tour through the country .
While they left unimpressed by the culture-rich city of Barcelona , the officials were enthralled by Benidorm 's resorts like Costa Blanca and the history-themed Terra Mítica amusement park .
And now North Korea is planning its own beach resort in Wonsan , a port city in the country 's eastern coast , which will be ` aimed at the domestic and international markets ' .
A spokesman from North Korea 's embassy in Madrid said that the touring officials were amazed by the dimensions ' of Benidorm 's towers and holiday parks .
` We wanted to focus on the beaches because that is what we are interested in , ' the embassy spokesman said .
The spokesman said that the complex in Oropesa del Mar was the closest match to what the country wants to build Wonsan , though their complex will be ' a little bit bigger ' .
He said that the resort could be ready to welcome holidaymakers by as early as mid-2018 , though the officials were more interested in creating a campsite resort than the high-rise hotels loved by tourists in Spain .
Matías Pérez Such , an organiser of the trip , told El Confidencial : ` They put a lot of emphasis on the unit costs of each element of camping .
` It 's logical that if they want to begin developing tourism , they start with campsites and not with a 55-storey hotel . '
He added : ` But it is very positive that they want to stop being the most hermetic country in the world . '
News of North Korea 's growing interest in tourism comes days after the tragic death of Otto Warmbier , a 22-year-old American student who died after being imprisoned by the country last year .
Warmbier was in a coma when he was released by North Korean officials last week .
The North 's official Korean Central News Agency denied that North Korea cruelly treated or tortured Otto Warmbier and accused the United States and South Korea of a smear campaign that insulted what it called its ` humanitarian ' treatment of him .
The comments published by KCNA were North Korea 's first reaction to Otto Warmbier 's death in a US hospital on Monday after it released him for what it called humanitarian reasons .
Doctors at the hospital said Warmbier had suffered a severe neurological injury from an unknown cause . Relatives say they were told the University of Virginia student had been in a coma since shortly after he was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in North Korea in March 2016 .
His family and others have blamed North Korea for his condition .
Warmbier was accused of stealing a propaganda poster . Through statements on KCNA , North Korea said it dealt with him according to its domestic laws and international standards .

@summary
Twenty officials from North Korea spent a month touring cities throughout Spain

@summary
The officials were said to be left unimpressed by the culture-rich Barcelona

@summary
But they were ere enthralled by Benidorm 's beach resorts like Costa Blanca

@summary
North Korea is planning its own beach resort in the eastern port city of Wonsan

