@title
` When I look at her , I see a future that I never saw ' : Hoda Kotb , 52 , breaks down in tears as she talks about adopted baby Haley Joy ahead of Today show return

@body
Hoda Kotb is about to return to the Today show after two months of absence to welcome her adopted daughter - and the baby girl has brought her so much happiness the host shed tears of joy while talking about motherhood .
The 52-year-old , who will come back to Studio 1A Monday , will delve more about her experience becoming a parent during a special segment , but a preview clip aired Friday was enough to show how emotional the arrival of little Haley Joy has been .
` When I look at her , I see forever . I see past me . I see the future , which I guess I never saw , ' Kotb told Today , her voice breaking . ' I want her to know that she is loved by me , by family , and by everyone who 's held her . I do n't think she 's going to know what to do with all the love . '
Scroll down for video
During her maternity leave , Kotb has received visits from co-hosts Matt Lauer , Savannah Guthrie , Al Roker , Kathie Lee Gifford , who have all met the little girl .
Guthrie taught the duo how to swaddle , while Lauer was renamed Uncle Matt for the occasion .

Kotb has shared photos of her colleague 's visits on social media , and has given glimpses of her life as a new mother on her Instagram account .
One photo , showing two empty containers of coffee creamer in the trash , is captioned : ` Note to self - restock ' and comes with the hashtag #babylove .

In another picture , she can be seen holding the little girl in a baby carrier , flashing an excited smile at the camera next to a caption that reads : ` On the move ! '
The host has also shared excited photos of the rest of her family members , including the baby girl 's cousins , visiting Haley Joy . Maria Shriver also stopped for a visit and fed the baby with a bottle .
Kotb has received gifts from the rest of the Today show crew , with producer Rainy Farrell 's mother knitting a pink hat for the little girl , and the teleprompter operator sending along a cute T-shirt .
The new mom , who was previously married to former tennis coach Burzis Kanga for two years until 2007 , surprised viewers of the Today show by revealing in February she had adopted a baby girl , her first child .
Last year , Kotb revealed on her Sirius XM show that she had moved in with her boyfriend , Joel Schiffman . The financier was also previously married has one adult daughter Kyle , and Kotb has been open about her desire to be a mom .
The journalist battled breast cancer in 2008 , and last year she admitted that the one thing missing in her life was having a child .
' I was divorced and I had an illness , and suddenly you look at your life and go , `` Wait , how did that door close ? '' ' she told People in January 2016 .

After revealing the adoption during an on-air call with her Today colleagues in February , Kotb said she had always wanted kids , and she recalled the pain of walking down the street and having people ask if she is a mom .
` The other day I was walking down the street to get some cream for her , and someone asks , `` Are you a mom ? '' I could n't say it out loud for her , but in my head I was like , `` I am a mom ! I am ! '' ' she said .
Kotb was already clearly in awe of her daughter , and she could n't help but gush about the love she feels for her .
` Can you believe I have a daughter ? ' she asked . ' I did n't know that my heart can feel like this . With all the love I 've ever had in my life -- I 've had the love of a wonderful mom , a wonderful man , the best siblings -- I never ever imagined that I could feel this kind of ... it 's like a warm hand on my heart . She 's learning up against me and I 'm over the moon . ''
` This is a moment in my life I never thought would happen , ' she added . ` And here it is happening to me . Wow . '
Gifford , who co-hosts the fourth hour of the show with Kotb , admitted during the segment it was difficult for her to keep quiet about the exciting news , while Jenna Bush cried openly after the emotional reveal .

Kotb called back in during the show 's fourth hour and revealed the inspiration behind her little girl 's name .
` Haley is because of Halley 's Comet , ' she told Gifford and Bush , referencing the famous comet , which is only visible from Earth every 75 years .
` It was one of those things where I just picture her sailing through the sky , ' she added .
Kotb said she and her sister Hala were discussing names , and her sibling liked the idea of the little girl also having a name that started with an ` H ' .
` You know , I 'm Hala , you 're Hoda , our niece is Hana -- what about Haley ? '' Kotb recalled her sister telling her .
The baby girl has ` Joy ' for a middle name simply because of how much happiness she has brought her .

@summary
The 52-year-old host is scheduled to return to the Today show on Monday

@summary
Took two months of absence to welcome her adopted daughter Haley Joy

@summary
For her return , Kotb will talk about becoming a mother during a special segment

@summary
In a preview aired Friday , she shed tears of joy while talking about her baby

@summary
Co-hosts Matt Lauer , Savannah Guthrie , Al Roker and Kathie Lee Gifford have all visited the baby girl

