@title
Disgraced footballer Adam Johnson 's # 1.7 m home is back on the market less than a month after a sale was agreed at a knock down price

@body
Disgraced footballer Adam Johnson 's # 1.7 million home is back on the market less than a month after a sale was agreed at a knock-down price .
The former England winger , who is serving a six-year sentence after being found guilty of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl last year , appeared to have shifted the property in Castle Eden , North Yorkshire , after multiple devaluations .
It initially had # 200,000 knocked off its its asking price of just over # 2million last year , and this dropped by a further # 150,000 in March .
This led to the property being taken removed from the internet , and it was believed to have been snapped up , but it has now re-appeared .
All of the 29-year-old 's photos and sporting memorabilia have been removed from the home , where he lived with girlfriend Stacey Flounders and their two-year-old daughter , Ayla .
Johnson and Ms Flounders split during the court proceedings and Miss Flounders is understood to have moved out after Johnson began his sentence .
The property is set in grounds of 2.2 acres , and is being marketed by Fine and Country , who say it is a home of ` prestige and rarity ' .
It was designed in 2009 by award-winning architect Colin Wardle of firm Design Two , and features French doors , Italian stone flooring , under-floor heating throughout and stone spiral staircases .
All five bedrooms are doubles with en suite bathrooms , while three have their own separate dressing rooms .
There is also a first-floor gym and an artificial turf putting green .
Fine and Country describe the house as : ` Impressive living accommodation with high ceilings and curved walls make it an unforgettable destination for visiting guests , yet there are private , personal spaces too .
` Primarily a family home , at its heart is a fabulous dining kitchen leading open plan into a family room and beautiful garden room with French doors leading out to a sunken patio area for outdoor eating and entertaining . '
Johnson lost an appeal earlier this month against his sentence and conviction earlier this month , after he admitted grooming and two counts of sexual activity with a child at Bradford Crown Court last year .
He was also arrested for possessing extreme pornography , and pre-trial hearings heard that police found medicines in a safe when he was arrested which indicated he may have been suffering from sexually transmitted infections .

@summary
Adam Johnson 's # 1.7 million house in Castle Eden , North Yorkshire , had been snapped up last month

@summary
This came after a total of # 350,000 was knocked off its # 2million asking price over several devaluations

@summary
But the family property has now re-appeared on the market for # 1.7 million with estate agents Fine and Country

@summary
Johnson , 29 , is serving six years for grooming and two counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl

