@title
Why are many women drinking their way to divorce ? Research shows it 's wives hitting the bottle -LRB- not husbands -RRB- that is leading to as many as 1 in 7 marriage break-ups

@body
Waking up on the sofa where she had passed out after drinking a bottle of wine , Sarah Turner 's thudding headache was compounded by a sense of shame .
She could n't remember what she had said at the dinner party . Nor could she be sure of how the evening had ended .
All she knew , with dreaded certainty , was that her drunken behaviour would have made her once happy marriage to husband Michael more precarious than ever .
` By my mid-30s I was drinking at least a bottle of wine a night , ' says Sarah , who at the time combined a demanding job as a chemical consultant with bringing up two children .
` I 'd black out and wake up feeling guilty . Michael and I had dreadful arguments -- he drank too , but did n't make a fool of himself like I did -- and after we 'd been married five years , he told me my drinking made me an embarrassment , and that he 'd leave if I did n't stop .
` At the time , I thought it was the cruellest thing he 'd ever said but it was the catalyst I needed to quit . If I had n't stopped drinking , our marriage would never have survived . '
Sarah 's experience is symptomatic of a worrying trend among otherwise successful middle-aged women , whose heavy drinking is ruining not just their health but their relationships .
Recent research suggests that wives ' excessive alcohol consumption is contributing to as many as one in seven divorces , with the number granted to husbands on the grounds of their spouse 's unreasonable behaviour -- which includes heavy drinking -- tripling since 1980 .
` Men are more likely to be accused of having an alcohol problem , but the frequency with which wives ' drinking has been cited over the last few years is marked , ' says lawyer Laura Guillon of Hall Brown , the firm that did the research .
Perhaps it is unsurprising , given our changing attitudes towards female alcohol consumption . The now ubiquitous ` wine o'clock ' has persuaded generations of middle-class women that a drink can take the edge off everything from work stress to domestic boredom .
But what was marketed as an innocuous -- even desirable -- habit has turned into a debilitating problem for many . One 2015 survey found women aged 45 to 64 were the most likely to drink too much .
` I am inundated by professional , middle-class women whose relationships are on the rocks because of their alcohol intake , ' says Sarah Turner , now 61 , who stopped drinking and retrained as a cognitive behavioural therapist before founding alcohol treatment centre the Harrogate Sanctuary in 2000 .
She adds : ` It is a hidden epidemic . Drinking is normalised as couples typically meet over a first date drink or share a bottle of wine with a meal .
` But women get drunk quicker than men because their bodies contain more fat -LRB- and fat does n't absorb alcohol -RRB- .
` They are also more likely to see drinking as an emotional crutch and seem to find it more difficult to stop drinking , which their partner often can not understand . '
She warns : ` Men can unwittingly act as `` enablers '' , escalating their partner 's alcohol intake . To persuade a wife to stop drinking could limit a husband 's freedom . After all , if a wife is drinking she 's less likely to be bothered about what time her partner is coming home for example , so he will often persuade her to carry on . '
Not that we always need much encouragement . Whereas in the past heavy drinking was a pursuit associated with men networking with colleagues , it has now become ingrained in the fabric of many women 's lives .
A recent study by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development found that better educated British women are even more likely to drink heavily -- one in five female graduates drinks at least twice the safe limit of 14 units a week , compared with one in ten less educated women . Getting drunk , meanwhile , is no longer taboo , but something to joke about at the school gates or to brag about on social media .
As Sarah Turner puts it , the problem is that ` wine has become a normalised form of self-medication for high-functioning , driven women . But tolerance to alcohol rises , and when women come to rely on it they feel ashamed and a sense of failure . ' All too often , a wife 's drinking exacerbates existing tensions in a marriage . ` Alcohol blurs the edges in an unhappy marriage , but also increases levels of the male hormone testosterone in a woman 's body by 60 per cent , ' says Sarah .
` A drunk woman is more likely to pick fights . Then the guilt starts and she 'll start drinking in secret , which creates a further rift . I had one client who would put her empty bottles in a neighbour 's bin at 3 am so her husband did n't see she 'd been drinking . '
It is not only women 's higher fat ratio that means they get drunk faster than men . Scientists also believe their stomach linings produce less of an enzyme that breaks down alcohol before it enters the bloodstream .
The higher sugar content of drinks popular with women -- a glass of wine contains one and a half teaspoons of sugar compared to beer , which usually contains less than one -- also makes us more susceptible to blood sugar spikes and crashes , which play havoc with our mood .
The sulphites -- or antioxidants -- in wine , usually added as preservatives , meanwhile , can trigger unwanted side-effects such as sore throats and rashes in those with allergies .
Much of which resonates with newly-separated Susan Worth , 41 , who says alcohol contributed to her marital breakdown this February . ` By the end of last year I was drinking up to a bottle and a half of red wine a night to numb the pain of how unhappy I was , ' says Susan . Husband Bill , 41 , met Susan in a pub ten years ago after she 'd been drinking . ` We were very different , ' she says . ` Bill was an intense book lover , whereas I was more of a party-goer , but back then he thought I was fun and charismatic . '
Carer Susan , from Bushey , Herts , admits her occasional glasses of red wine became a daily habit to help her deal with mounting claustrophobia in her marriage . ` I started going to bars with friends after work , and buying bottles of wine on my way home , ' she recalls . ` Alcohol was an escape . '
As years passed Susan 's silent resentment began to fester .
` After a bottle of wine I became tearful and would try to tell Bill I was unhappy . He accused me of being argumentative and we 'd go to bed in silence . '
Bill started coming home from work later . ` I 'd stare into space with a glass of red wine in my hand , feeling sorry for myself , ' says Susan , who has an eight-year-old son with Bill and a 15-year-old son from a previous relationship .
` The next morning , hungover , I 'd feel like a paranoid monster , embarrassed and guilty at how drunk I 'd got . I 'd bag up bottles for the recycling bin so Bill would n't see them , but he said he could smell it on my breath .
` I sometimes stopped drinking for a week to try to make him happy , but I resented him for it . '
By the end of last year , the couple were communicating largely by texts . ` It was a mutual decision to end it and I agreed to move out with the children , ' says Susan , who now realises she was too quick to use alcohol as an emotional crutch , putting their relationship under added stress .
Maria Hollis , an articulate housekeeping manager and mother of two from Craven Arms , Shropshire , only ever enjoyed the occasional drink until she reached middle age .
In 2004 , however , her 15-year marriage to the father of her daughters Laura , 26 , and Sophie , 19 , broke down , and her mother Wendy died of cancer . Grief stricken , she says wine became ` a way of coping and a nightly habit ' .
For a while , Maria 's drinking aroused no suspicion . But as her tolerance grew , so did her intake , and by the time she met John , 61 , a security adviser , in 2010 , she was getting through a bottle of rose every evening .
` When friends noticed , I 'd insist I did n't have a problem , interpreting their concern as interference , ' she says .
Neither did her drinking problem seem immediately obvious to John , whose job entailed night shifts , meaning he was often working while Maria was drunk .
` It took months for me to realise , ' says John .
After he proposed to Maria in December 2012 , her escalating drinking made her increasingly argumentative . ` I 'd storm out and slam doors if John had n't done the washing up , ' she says .
` If we were watching television and a good-looking woman came on I 'd jealously accuse him of wanting to leave . Drinking stopped us talking -- all I wanted to do was sit at my computer on Facebook drinking wine . John began to point out I was drinking too much , but I would n't admit I had a problem . '
Her emotional outbursts became physical . ` I began to lash out at John over petty things like clothes left on the floor . I 'd scratch his face , push his chest and slap his arms , ' says Maria , who at 5 ft 3 in was no physical match for her 6 ft 2 in fiance .
` He only ever looked at me with silent reproach . I felt dreadful and started drinking in the morning to deal with the remorse . '
Despite losing her appetite , the high sugar content of alcohol left Maria three stone overweight at the height of her addiction .
John , a pragmatic man , admits being attacked by his fiancee was ` tough ' but says : ` I knew the alcohol was behind Maria 's mood swings , and could still see the woman I loved underneath . '
By 2013 , Maria 's lunch was just wine , or beer , with drinks staggered around shifts at the hotel where she worked . ` I 'd have a drink two minutes before I left for work and as soon as I got back , ' she says . ` My colleagues did n't suspect -- they say I hid it well .
` Sometimes at weekends I would push my wine glass behind my computer screen , but usually I did n't bother . Perhaps drinking in front of John was a cry for help , but it was also because I was too addicted to care . I could see how much it upset him -- sometimes he was so angry he would n't speak to me for days and any marriage plans were on hold . '
John 's pleas for her to stop drinking became ultimatums . ` I told her to choose between alcohol or me . Maria said she would stop drinking , but never did , ' he recalls .
Maria adds : ` I knew I risked losing him , but I could n't help it . Alcohol was my priority , as much as it made me bloated , with yellow skin and a heart that constantly raced . ' The turning point was not so much her health as a realisation one Saturday morning in December 2014 that sobriety was an option .
` I was at my computer with a glass in hand when I suddenly wondered what life would be like without alcohol . It sounds strange , but I 'd never considered I could give up before . I walked into the living room and told John I needed to stop drinking . `` I 've been telling you that for years , '' he replied as we hugged .
` Saying the words out loud made my intentions seem real . '
Maria 's GP referred her to a substance misuse team who prescribed her anti-anxiety medication to help her withdraw and offered counselling . ` I was drenched with sweat and I shook and felt sick as the alcohol left my body , ' she recalls .
` John brought me soup when I lost my appetite . It was incredibly hard , but knowing I could lose John gave me the determination to keep going .
` As months passed we started having fun together . For my 50th birthday last July he booked a surprise holiday to the States . Before , I 'd have spent the whole time wondering where I 'd get my next drink . Without that burden , I felt liberated . We would have split up had I not stopped drinking . '
Drinking has also become acceptable for mothers seeking to alleviate domestic stress .
For Tanya Robertson , 31 , married to Harry , 34 , alcohol was a way of coping after their first baby , Rose , became seriously ill .
` My drinking took the edge off a horrific situation , but caused awful arguments with Harry , ' says Tanya , a product buyer . ` I 'd only ever drank socially before but quickly realised a glass of wine had numbing properties .
` Within a week I was drinking a bottle a night . At first I waited until Harry got home but then I started drinking earlier , at 5 pm , as I cooked tea . '
Tanya adds : ` After a couple of months I was having a drink in the garden at 4.30 pm , pretending for a few fleeting moments that my life was normal .
` We 'd have huge arguments . I 'd shove him and he 'd shove me back . It was almost as if we were trying to push our grief out . Harry drank nearly as much as me , but as a man he handled it better . '
Their daughter died of pneumonia last September , after which , Tanya says , ` drinking became more of a crutch than ever . Harry said I had to stop , and I knew it was ruining my marriage , but I refused . '
A month after Rose 's death the couple were at a family gathering when Tanya 's drinking spiralled out of control . ` Harry made a comment about people grieving in different ways and I took it as a sign of disloyalty . I 'd drunk a bottle of wine on an empty stomach and , incoherent , was screaming that he did n't understand me . '
A relative called an ambulance , which took Tanya to A&E .
` A mental health worker at hospital said I was n't crazy , but that drinking was a cover for my grief , ' she says . ` I was given monthly counselling , which offered an outlet in its place . I only drink occasionally now . '
Some names have been changed

@summary
There is a worrying trend among successful middle-aged women

@summary
Their heavy drinking is n't just ruining their health but also their relationships

@summary
Research suggests that wives ' excessive alcohol consumption is contributing to as many as one in seven divorces

