@title
Wales forward Ross Moriarty relishing battle with ` Mr Indispensible ' in Italy

@body
Ross Moriarty has the words from ` The Indispensable Man ' tattooed across his left bicep . The poem , written in 1959 by Saxon White Kessinger , reads : ` Do just the best that you can , be proud of yourself , but remember , there is no indispensable man ' .
Moriarty 's father , Paul , the retired Wales second row , was handed the poem by his own father in 1986 and it has become a family motto written in indelible ink . Recently , the words have taken on added poignancy .
Sam Warburton , once undroppable as Wales captain , was stood down and Moriarty found himself moving up the pecking order -- starting at No 8 opposite Italy 's near-indispensible Sergio Parisse .
` You can never take anything for granted , ' said Moriarty . ` The tattoo is a family thing so it 's quite personal .
` Every opportunity I have for club and country I have to take and show what I can do . The moment I feel I 'm too good is the moment I go backwards . '
Parisse has rarely taken a backwards step since his debut 14 years ago and is still one of the world 's leading players . Wales introduced a ` Parisse ' bib this week to help preparations for the clash at the Stadio Olimpico .
` He is a big man in their team and we 've done a lot of analysis on him , ' said Moriarty . ` We have a nominated `` Parisse '' in training , whoever fits the mould , no names .
` Parisse is a quality player and is one of their main ball players for carrying and skills .
` I played against him in the last Six Nations when I came off the bench and it was a great experience to go against such a big name . He has been around for a while , from a young age , and has plenty of caps and experience . '
Parisse came close to retiring last year but was convinced to play on until the 2019 World Cup by new Azzurri coach Conor O'Shea , who is hoping to turn around Italy 's fortunes .
` It is completely different working with Conor , ' said Parisse . ` I 'm 33 now and I 've seen a lot of coaches with the Italian team . Everyone brought something but the first thing that struck me with Conor was his enthusiasm and motivation .
` I want to play well and do whatever I can to help the younger players coming through . There are things that must change to make Italy a more competitive nation . To do that it is important to have a good feeling about the coach . '
Moriarty has 12 caps to Parisse 's 121 . Moriarty 's tally is nine short of his Dad , who switched to rugby league , but the 22-year-old 's stock is rising . His physicality does not inhibit his dynamism and he has inherited the ` hard man ' genes .
` Any son who has a father with experience will speak to him , ' said Moriarty . ` My dad is never short of advice and my uncle -LSB- Dick , a former Wales captain -RSB- is the same . It 's nice to have the family around me who understand what 's going on . '
The rise of Moriarty and Justin Tipuric means Wales ' seemingly inseparable back-row combination of Dan Lydiate , Toby Faletau and Warburton is no more .
Rob Howley sees the attacking interaction between Faletau and Tipuric as a key component to developing an expansive attacking game .
The pair are comfortable moving the ball to the wide channels where , in recent times , wingers such as Liam Williams and George North -- potentially Europe 's most dangerous pairing -- have been underused .
Faletau is hoping to make his comeback against England next week and Warburton could well be the fall guy , with Moriarty shifting to his preferred blindside jersey .
` I feel comfortable in the team , ' said Moriarty . ` No8 makes me learn and develop new skills and it puts another string on my bow . '
That Wales are ranked 8-1 outsiders for the Six Nations title is a reflection of their struggle to implement their new gameplan in the autumn .
Howley subsequently named seven uncapped players in his latest wider squad -- none of whom feature today -- but flankers Thomas Young and Olly Cracknell are also pushing for berths .
` There 's a lot of good competition , ' said Moriarty . ` Like me when I came in , everyone wants to set a marker and show what they 've got . You can never take your foot off the gas .
` You know if you underperform , someone will be knocking on your door . '
As Moriarty 's father will be quick to remind him , no one is indispensible .


@summary
Ross Moriarty 's father Paul and uncle Richard both played for Wales

@summary
The 22-year old will win his 13th cap in the Six Nations match against Italy

@summary
He will start at No 8 opposite Italy 's near-indispensible Sergio Pariss

