@title
How to survive a knife attack : Security expert and celebrity bodyguard gives life-saving advice in the wake of London Bridge terror atrocity

@body

Two leading security experts have joined forces to provide Britons with essential defence tactics which could be live-saving in the event of a terrorist attack .
Former White House protection expert Martin Brown , 41 , and self-defence expert Matt Fiddes , 38 , have created a film to help the public defend themselves .
In the video , Mr Fiddes holds a fake knife and attempts to jab Mr Brown as he gives advice on how to avoid getting injured .

In the last month , 30 people have been killed in the UK due to terror-related incidents .
On May 22 , a fatal nail bomb was detonated after an Ariana Grande gig in Manchester , killing seven children = and 15 adults .
Then less than two weeks later , eight were killed in a brutal stabbing spree by three extremists on London Bridge and Borough Market .
Former White House protection expert Mr Brown , from the UK , said in light of the incidents his number one piece of advice is : ` If something feels wrong , it probably is wrong . Leave the area and trust your natural instincts . '
Mr Brown is joined by self-defence expert Mr Fiddes , who was a bodyguard to the late popstar Michael Jackson and has advised Kim Kardashian on how to keep safe after the Paris robbery incident .
Mr Brown said : ` There are no legal weapons in the UK but under violent duress , we can use a law called instant arming which allows us to use everyday objects like car keys or drinks to defend ourselves . '
The law states that if you are being attacked or under violent duress , you can instantly arm yourself with items around you for protection - provided they are used with reasonable force .
He advised if someone is coming towards you with a knife to use your keys as a weapon or if you are holding a drink , throw it over their face .
The 41-year-old added the important thing was to get space to run away .
In the demonstration , Mr Brown showed illustrated how he would distract his attacker and said : ` I 'll throw my keys in his face and then I run straight away . You do not want to engage with something that might be fatal . '
Shocking statistics show the majority of stabbings happen on the left side of victims ' bodies due to right-handed attackers .
So the pair advice anyone being targets with a knife to cover up their main arteries and rib cage , to stop the perpetrator from getting to the heart through the ribs .
Mr Brown ca n't disclose the celebrities or named clients he has worked with due to confidentiality agreements , but said he had worked with teams who train SWAT and FBI in the states .
Having been working in the security industry for 28 years , he said if he could only give one piece of advice , it would be to stay alert .
` Try not to do something that takes away a primary sense such as walking staring at your phone and listen to music while walking out alone , ' he said .



Self-defence expert Mr Fiddes , who holds a black belt in karate and began martial arts at the age of seven , said his advice on staying safe following from the recent events .
He said : ` Keep up to date with current news and seek out a self defense professional to teach you the best chance to defend yourself or avoid an attacker . '
Having worked in the industry for 20 years after creating a worldwide martial arts business , Mr Fiddes said creating a barrier was important .
The 38-year-old , who lives in Wiltshire , said : ` You can use a rucksack , briefcase , laptop or iPad case - anything you can throw towards them to give yourself some space to run off . '


Another tip he said was to ensure your phone notifications were switched on .
Mr Fiddes added : ` There are a number of advisable things you can do but ensure you keep updated with official Met Police News , You can sign up to their official Twitter account where you can receive critical information/updates in times of crisis via mobile notification , directly to your phone . '









@summary
Security and protection experts Martin Brown and Matt Fiddes share advice

@summary
Comes after 30 people have been killed in terror attacks in less than a month

@summary
Top tips are to cover your arteries , use instant weapons and run away

