@title
Intel announces $ 7 billion investment in Arizona factory and 3,000 new jobs from Oval Office

@body
Intel Corp chose the Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $ 7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory today .
Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump , a signal of how corporate America is adapting to a White House that is not reluctant to single out companies for praise or criticism .
` Thank you Brian Krzanich , CEO of @Intel . A great investment -LRB- $ 7 BILLION -RRB- in American INNOVATION and JOBS ! #AmericaFirst ' Trump said in a tweet afterward .
Construction on a plant at the site began during Barack Obama 's first term and was abandoned in 2014 before it ever opened . Now Intel says plans to invest in new computing technology there , creating 3,000 jobs when it is up and running .
More than 10,000 Arizonians will support the plant , Krzanich said .
Scroll down for video
Trump said Krzanich called him a few weeks ago to say he wanted to meet to make a big announcement .
Krzanich noted that Intel has been working on the factory - its third in Arizona - for several years but held off on the investment until now .
He said he wanted to announce it at the White House as a sign of support for the ` tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward . '
The company said in a release that the plant would be completed in three or four years .
In 2014 , as Intel put off the opening of a chip factory at the site , a spokesman told Reuters , ` The new construction is going to be left vacant for now and it will be targeted at future technologies . '
Obama had visited the Arizona factory in 2012 while campaigning for reelection . He pointed to it as an example of the potential the U.S. manufacturing industry had .
Intel planned to make advanced microchips at the site but backed off the project after a 10 percent drop in global PC sales .
` Having hired tens of thousands of people himself , the president 's keenly aware of what prevents businesses from being successful and creating jobs in the current economy , ' White House spokesman Sean Spicer said .
Spicer noted as he took a victory lap on behalf of the president that ` President Obama by contrast visited this same factory site , where this factory will be built , during his last reelection visit in 2012 , touting the government incentives that was supposed to bring back jobs that had been lost to Asia .
` President Trump knows that for business the real government incentives is the government restraining itself , ' he said . ` For too many years Washington has smothered industry in this country under burdens and regulation . This administration has set out to free businesses from constraints of government bureaucracy and regulation . '
Trump , a Republican who took office on Jan. 20 , campaigned on a promise to push for companies to keep or create jobs in the United States , rather than sending them abroad .
Intel announced less than a year ago that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs globally , or 11 percent of its workforce , as it refocused its business towards microchips that power data centers and Internet connected devices and away from the declining personal computer industry it helped found .
` Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the US , and the majority of or research and development is here in the US , while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US , ' Krzanich said in remarks from the Oval Office .
Trump told him , ` We 're very happy and I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy . '
Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump 's temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations .
But that issue did not come up during the Oval Office meeting , said Reed Cordish , a White House official in charge of technology initiatives .
Cordish told reporters that the announcement was the latest show of confidence from CEOs in this administration and a ` validation of the president 's policies and views . '
` It 's a wonderful statement for where we 're heading , in terms of bringing manufacturing back to America , ' he said .
The White House official said Intel contemplated the investment ` for over four years ... even had tried to start ' it , and they now ` have the confidence to proceed . '
` They 've had this empty property for a long time . So the property 's there , and now the will is there , ' Cordish said .

@summary
Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump

@summary
Was a signal of how corporate America is adapting to a White House that is not reluctant to single out companies for praise or criticism

@summary
` Thank you Brian Krzanich , CEO of @Intel . A great investment -LRB- $ 7 BILLION -RRB- in American INNOVATION and JOBS ! Trump said in a tweet afterward

@summary
Obama had visited the Arizona factory in 2012 while it was under construction and he was campaigning for reelection

@summary
He pointed to it as an example of the potential the U.S. manufacturing industry - factory never opened

