@title
Manchester United 2-0 Chelsea : Jose Mourinho gets the better of his former club as Marcus Rashford and Ander Herrera strike to ensure the Premier League title race is alive and kicking

@body
Revenge being a dish best served cold , not to mention wet and miserable in the North West , this was very near to the perfect afternoon for Jose Mourinho .
He may claim it was just another game for him , but who believes that ? This was a special event for El Specialissimo . He put Manchester United back in the hunt for the Champions League places , and did so making his old charges at Chelsea look second best .
Chelsea did not have a shot on target for the first time in a Premier League game since September 23 , 2007 . The result that day was 2-0 to Manchester United , too . It was Avram Grant 's first game as manager , after Mourinho 's first Stamford Bridge dismissal .
Scroll down for video
Manchester Utd -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : de Gea 6.5 ; Valencia 6.5 , Rojo 7 , Bailly 7 , Darmian 6.5 ; Fellaini 7 , Herrera 8 , Pogba 6.5 ; Lingard 7 -LRB- Carrick 60 , 6 -RRB- , Rashford 8.5 -LRB- Ibrahimovic 83 -RRB- , Young 6.5 -LRB- Fosu-Mensah 90 -RRB-
Subs not used : Blind , Romero , Mkhitaryan , Shaw
Goals : Rashford 7 , Herrera 49
Yellow cards : Herrera , Rojo , Ibrahimovic
Chelsea -LRB- 3-4-2-1 -RRB- : Begovic 6 , Zouma 6 -LRB- Loftus-Cheek 83 -RRB- , Luiz 5 , Cahill 5 ; Moses 5 -LRB- Fabregas 54 , 5 -RRB- , Kante 5.5 , Matic 6.5 -LRB- Willian 66 , 5 -RRB- , Azpilicueta 6 ; Pedro 6 , Hazard 5.5 , Costa 5
Subs not used : Ake , Batshuayi , Terry , Eduardo .
Yellow cards : Costa , Cahill , Fabregas
Man of the Match : Ander Herrera
Referee : Robert Madley -LRB- West Yorkshire -RRB-

Marcus Rashford put Manchester United ahead with a neat finish from an Ander Herrera pass . See more from our brilliant Match Zone right here
The move which led to Herrera 's second goal
Just under a decade on and Mourinho is now Chelsea 's nemesis . Certainly this performance would have put a considerable dent in some big blue egos .
Eden Hazard was anonymous against Ander Herrera , Pedro rarely threatened , while Diego Costa was ineffectual , having started too many feuds to play a coherent game . This was the classic performance of a Mourinho side , all the more impressive because a Thursday night fixture in Brussels had given him so little time to prepare .
But he obviously did . He threw a blanket over Chelsea 's creativity and worried them with pace and width . He left out Zlatan Ibrahimovic and was rewarded by the best performance of the season from Marcus Rashford , who received a standing ovation from the crowd and a hug from his manager when he was substituted after 83 minutes .
Herrera 's job on Hazard was quite magnificent . To rub it in , the man sent to destroy Chelsea even scored United 's second goal . There were 41 minutes remaining at the time , but still looked to be no way back . It is hard to remember a Chelsea so ordinary , or a chance that caused a bead of sweat to break out on David de Gea 's brow .
Manchester United were a different class on the day , just as Chelsea had been at Stamford Bridge when these teams met in the Premier League earlier this season .
So , the good news is we have a title race again -- just four points separating Chelsea and Tottenham now . The bad -- Chelsea do not play a team of Manchester United 's substance again , while Tottenham must face United and Arsenal and have a London derby at West Ham .
Still , we are closer to a scrap than we looked likely to be a month or so ago , and the hope in north London is that Chelsea will be rattled by playing a match they deserved to lose at such a crucial moment in the season . There is a difference between battering the hell out of Crystal Palace and coming away with nothing , and being battered by a Manchester United team they put four goals past in October .
For what is without doubt is United were worth this . True , both of their goals had an element of good fortune about them , but only a blue-eyed fool would claim Chelsea were hard done by .
Break No 1 came with a handball in the build-up to Rashford 's opener , unnoticed by referee Bobby Madley . In his defence , he got most of the rest of it right and any official spending 90 minutes in the company of charmers like Costa and Marcos Rojo deserves our sympathy -- but he messed up here . The goal came in the seventh minute -- surprisingly United 's fastest of the season in the Premier League -- after Nemanja Matic had been dispossessed carrying the ball upfield .
What Madley failed to spot was that Herrera had intercepted using an arm , clearly outstretched , clearly handball . Madley was unresponsive , Herrera was not . Seizing on his advantage he broke forward and played a lovely pass into the path of the outstanding Rashford who drew Asmir Begovic and finished smartly past him .
The second came after some uncommonly sloppy play at the back from Chelsea and a deflection . A clearance was sent cheaply back into the path of Ashley Young , whose cross found Herrera .
Replays showed Gary Cahill choosing to offer Jesse Lingard a hand up as play went on when he may have been better off focusing on the problems ahead -- but Herrera 's shot ricocheted off his defensive partner Kurt Zouma , giving Begovic little chance .
Bobby Madley will have enjoyed the second half of this game much more than the first . The players ' attitude early on was really poor and typified everything I do n't like about the modern game .
They were simulating contact , exaggerating injuries and trying to get fellow professionals sent off . Diego Costa and Marcus Rojo -LRB- right , top -RRB- should be embarrassed by their conduct . It was a complete nightmare to referee and while Madley tried his best , he was on a hiding to nothing given the attitude of the players .
The moment of the first half came after just seven minutes . Chelsea were breaking forward when Manchester United 's Ander Herrera clearly handled the ball -LRB- right -RRB- to intercept Nemanja Matic 's pass . Madley indicated he 'd seen the incident and waved play on . He was wrong .
Missing a handball in the midfield area would not usually be so controversial but Herrera then played the ball through to Marcus Rashford , who went on to score .
Thankfully , football took over in the second period and Madley could get on with refereeing the game . Perhaps observers should appreciate his ` sensible ' approach in the first half , in particular to Rojo and Costa , as it helped the game considerably .
It was an uncomfortable afternoon for Chelsea 's stand-in goalkeeper , promoted after Thibaut Courtois suffered an injury . The suggestion was he turned an ankle playing basketball for a promotional film , though Antonio Conte would not confirm this . His frosty response , however , suggested he was not best pleased that this particular white man could n't jump .
When Marcos Alonso withdrew from the pre-match warm-up having woken up feeling unwell , Chelsea 's misery was complete . The most settled starting XI in the Premier League was to include understudies and battlefield promotions -- Zouma to central defence , Cesar Azpilicueta into Alonso 's wingback role .
Not since the visit to White Hart Lane on January 4 have Chelsea been as comprehensively outplayed as they were here . They were simply no threat and it did not help that Costa decided to have one of those games when he takes on the world . Focused , he 's dangerous ; on afternoons like this he can be a menace .
He was at war with Eric Bailly , with Rojo , with Madley , his assistants and the Old Trafford crowd . He started by pushing Bailly off the field as they tussled for a ball in the six-yard box , which angered the United players . He was booked for a foul on Paul Pogba after 33 minutes , and was then involved in a wrestling match with Rojo that could have brought further trouble . The pair jumped , Costa landed on Rojo 's hip , the United man took it personally and grabbed him around the neck .
Costa flailed around on the ground holding his face as if struck , Rojo did likewise with other parts of his anatomy . They were both such rotten actors that Madley saw through it all and did nothing .
Yet Chelsea looked hesitant , particularly David Luiz , who was caught in possession by Lingard after five minutes , the ball sent through to Rashford whose shot was wastefully wide . It was all United after that . Young had several good attempts and Rashford was magnificent .
One run , in which he fought Luiz off all the way , ended in a fine Begovic save at the near post . Another shot saw Cahill almost turn the ball into his own net trying to block .
` We 're top of the league , ' crowed Chelsea 's fans throughout , but by the end it sounded more bravado than boast . Tottenham 's meeting with Manchester United looms large .
If United 's manager wants to make sure of Champions League football next season , he may yet have to hold his nose and do his old club a favour on May 14 .












@summary
Manchester United beat Chelsea 2-0 as Jose Mourinho got the better of his former club

@summary
With Zlatan Ibrahimovic rested , Marcus Rashford led the line and opened the scoring on seven minutes

@summary
Ander Herrera doubled the United soon after the break , with his shot deflected off Kurt Zouma

@summary
United 's victory ensures the gap between Chelsea and Spurs at the top of the table remains at four points

@summary
PLAYER RATINGS : Herrera is Mourinho 's all-action man while Rashford 's display inspires United up front

@summary
READ : How has he missed it ? Lampard and Souness question referee Madley over Herrera handball in opener

