@title
Take a chill pill - we 're not going to be in power for a long time ! Chicago mayor and Obama enforcer tells Democrats to get their act together - just as one says Trump should be impeached

@body
Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel , who helped school Washington Democrats on how brass tacks politics , is urging Democrats to ` take a chill pill ' and prepare for a long stay in the political wilderness .
` It ai n't gon na happen in 2018 , ' Emanuel said Monday in an appearance at Stanford University .
` Take a chill pill , man . You got ta be in this for the long haul , ' Emanuel urged , the Chicago Tribune reported on his remarks before the school 's Graduate School of Business .
Democrats must defend a raft of Senate seats in 2018 . While the opposition party traditionally gains seats in off-year elections , Democrats ' hopes are hampered by redistricting of congressional seats in a way that benefits Republicans .
Emanuel , who helped Democrats retake the House in 2006 , then served as President Obama 's strong-armed first chief of staff in the White House offered blunt remarks to Democrats that they need to start winning to achieve their goals .
He spoke after protests against President Trump and his immigration order have erupted around the country . But Democrats in Washington remain virtually shut out . Trump 's controversial Education Secretary pick , Betsy de Vos , was confirmed Tuesday by the Senate without a single Democratic vote .
` Winning 's everything , ' Emanuel said . ` If you do n't win , you ca n't make the public policy . I say that because it is hard for people in our party to accept that principle . Sometimes , you 've just got to win , OK ? ' he continued . ` Our party likes to be right , even if they lose . '
He added , ' I do n't go to moral victory speeches . I ca n't stand them . I 've never lost an election . It 's about winning , because if you win you then have the power to go do what has to get done .
Then , Emanuel , who also worked in Bill Clinton 's White House , offered a remark that evoked losing presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
` If you lose , you can write the book about what happened -- great , that 's really exciting ! ' he said , using sarcasm .
It was revealed last week that Clinton is pending a book about her experiences that will include quotations that have influenced her .
His lecture comes as Democrats are still searching for their footing , without a majority in the House and Senate , as Trump works to install Judge Neil Gorsuch to tip the balance of the Supreme Court .
California Rep. Maxine Waters tweeted last week that her ` greatest desire was to lead @realDonaldTrump right into impeachment . '
Speaking on Monday , Waters doubled down on her statement , CNN reported . '' I have not called for the impeachment yet . He 's doing it himself , ' Waters said . ` Let me just say that the statement I made is a statement in response to questions and pleas that I 'm getting from many citizens across this country . What are we going to do ? How can a President who is acting in the manner that he 's acting ? '
White House press secretary Sean Spicer blasted the move Tuesday when asked a general question about calls for Trump 's impeachment .
` The president is doing everything he can to move this country forward and whether it 's the Democrats in the Senate who are trying to stall these nominees or these little political stunts on the House side ... ' Spicer said .
` When you see stuff like that it really shows they missed the message that voters sent this past November , ' he said .
Emanuel met with Trump at Trump Tower after the election . He sparred with the president over Trump 's comments to send in the feds if Chicago 's crime problem is n't brought under control .

@summary
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel says Democrats are n't likely to win in 2018 and should ` Chicago mayor tells Democrats to ` take a chill pill '

@summary
` It ai n't gon na happen in 2018 '

@summary
Message to the defeated : ` If you lose , you can write the book about what happened -- great , that 's really exciting ! '

@summary
Democrats including Rep. Maxine Waters have already started talking up possibility of impeachment

