@title
Fangs for the memories ! Hollywood 's go-to man for false teeth reveals all about the art of creating the best not-so-pearly whites for the big screen -LRB- and yes he 's British ! -RRB-

@body
If you 've been to the movies in the past 20 years , chances are you 've seen the work of Gary Archer .
Archer , a Los Angeles-based British expat , is a dental technician known for creating the smiles of some of the silver screen 's most memorable characters - including Austin Powers 's gnarly grin and Blade 's fantastic fangs .
Archer moved from London to the US in 1976 with his father , where they ended up working in a dental lab together as technicians , he told Little White Lies .
His dad was a master dental technician and lab owner in England and the US , Archer said .
When Archer 's dad became ill in the early 1980s he left college and came to work in the lab .
Archer stayed on and was trained as a dental technician once his dad 's health improved .
They started creating prosthetic teeth for movies in the mid-1990s after special effects makeup legend Greg Cannom commissioned them to make a set of teeth that would fall out of somebody 's mouth and into a glass of water .
It was for the 1993 comedy Mrs Doubtfire .
The gag turned into an iconic movie moment , and solidified Archer 's place in the upper echelons of the special effects world .
` They liked what we did , they told someone else , who told someone else .
' I do n't really have to advertise because my name is out there . It 's been out there for many , many years , and people just sort of find me ' , Archer said .
Here , Archer shares the story behind some of his most memorable creations .
Mrs Doubtfire
Within weeks of making the upper denture worn by Robin Williams Archer and his dad started getting inquiries about other dental prosthetics .
No one else specialized in this at the time , Archer said . And for the longest time it was just him and his dad who were doing it .
Blade
Archer 's fangs have been on point for more than two decades .
Creating them for Wesley Snipes in Blade and for all of the major characters in Interview With The Vampire was n't that different to making normal prosthetic teeth , he said .
The biggest thing is the actor has to be able to speak comfortably while wearing them , Archer added .
` The key is making teeth that are comfortable and that they can work with . They must n't suddenly have a speech impediment ' , Archer said .
Austin Powers
Archer may be responsible for propagating the myth about bad British teeth .
When Mike Myers approached him for the Austin Powers movie he was adamant that the character have ` bad British 1960s teeth ' .
` There 's an English pub out here where I live in the Valley and a lot of English expats are in there . And so I basically looked at a lot of the smiles from the clientele there ' , Archer said .
Austin Powers 's teeth were modeled after two or three of those people , Archer said .
He took photos , made sketches and then came up with the teeth design , which Myers loved .
' -LSB- Myers -RSB- that I 'd absolutely nailed it . So we ran with it . He made those teeth famous ' , Archer said .
Archer 's crowning achievement are the dentures worn by Anthony Hopkins in the 1995 movie Nixon .
` Making those was interesting . We used pictures of Nixon himself as inspiration .
` Hopkins , along with the make-up people who designed the prosthetics , described to me what his teeth looked like . His four front teeth were fairly white , his side teeth were fairly yellow ' , Archer said .
Hopkins liked the teeth so much he would forget he was wearing them , eat with them in and they 'd shatter .
He 'd then bring them back to Archer and say : ' `` I 'm terribly sorry Gary , I 've broken the teeth '' , in that lovely Welsh accent of his . And he 's a lovely man . A lovely , lovely man ' , Archer said .
Spring Breakers
James Franco 's gold grills were actually a metal casting , Archer said .
Usually real gold is used , but Archer said the production did n't want to shell out thousands .
So , instead , Archer used non-precious gold .
` It 's a gold coloured alloy , but when it 's cast and polished it looked almost identical to gold . It just does n't have the properties of real gold ' , he said .
The Wolf of Wall Street
Jonah Hill does n't particularly have straight or white teeth , Archer said , but the actor insisted on having perfect white veneers for the movie .
The acrylics used for Hill 's blindingly white prosthetics are the same material and colors found in the dental industry , Archer said .
` We try to stay away from paint and things like that because that type of stuff is not necessarily health-safe ' , he said .
The Free State of Jones
For the Civil War drama , Matthew McConaughey traded in his Hollywood smile for a set of yellowed prosthetic teeth .
` That 's one of the problems : all the Hollywood A-listers have got absolutely perfect teeth and they look way , way too perfect to be believable .
` Especially if they 're playing a Civil War officer in the 1860s . So what we have to do is make the teeth look regular , make them look 1860s .
` If you look at the pictures , you can see that they look very un-Matthew McConaughey ' , Archer said .

@summary
Gary Archer has been in the industry for more than 20 years

@summary
The LA-based British expat is a dental technician who molds prosthetic teeth

@summary
He 's responsible for creating Austin Powers 's gnarly grin and Blade 's fangs

