@title
Canada is on the brink of making its national anthem ` gender-neutral ' with ` clunky ' politically-correct lyrics

@body
The Canadian parliament is on the verge of passing legislation that would alter the words of its national anthem in order to be more ` gender-inclusive . '
The bill , which was first introduced last year by the late Liberal MP Mauril Belanger , would change male-oriented stanzas , more specifically the line ` all thy sons command . '
That phrase would be changed to ` all of us command , ' according to Heatstreet .
The proposed changes to O Canada have outraged conservatives -- and seven some liberals in Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's own party - who have blasted the bill as an example of overreach in the name of political correctness .
Michael MacDonald , a conservative senator representing Nova Scotia , said the new bill was ` sloppy . '
` If we are constantly revising everything because it was written in another generation , our national symbols will have no value , ' MacDonald told CBC News .
` Our history means nothing in this country anymore , and it 's a shame that we 're doing this . '
` The Senate should not be reticent in defending and preserving the heritage of Canada . '
A Liberal lawmaker , Joan Fraser , agreed with MacDonald , saying that the bill was ` clunky ' .
` If we 're going to be inclusive about women , what are we going to do about some of the other groups who may find themselves neglected or offended by the wording of our national anthem ? ' she said .
MacDonald also raised objections to the fact that the bill only applies to the English language version of O Canada .
Canada is a bilingual country that recognizes English and French as official languages with equal status .
Yet the French-language anthem is not a direct translation of the English one , according to National Post .
In fact , the French version makes overt references to Christian themes while the English version makes do with more neutral text .
` The -LSB- French -RSB- song is riddled with references to God , faith , church and race. , ' MacDonald said .
` I wo n't go into the various sentiments articulated throughout the several French verses , save to say that the French version of `` O Canada '' would have a hard time today getting the social justice warrior seal of approval . '
` It is , without question , an ethnic French Canadian , Catholic , nationalist battle hymn , certainly non-inclusive , yet I am not offended , ' he said .
` It is just part of Canada 's history in song . As far as I 'm concerned , they should leave it alone forever . But if our new-age censors can leave it alone without a second thought , how then can the phrase , `` All thy sons command '' be considered excessively problematic ? '
The bill was passed in a Senate committee this past December .
It must pass three readings in both the Senate and the House of Commons before it is enshrined as law .
After lawmakers who represent Trudeau 's ruling Liberal Party ensured the bill 's passage in the House of Commons , it now awaits its third reading in the Senate .
The bill 's supporters want to see the law take effect before July 1 , when Canada celebrates its 150th anniversary of confederation .
Confederation was the process by which the British colonies of Canada , Nova Scotia , and New Brunswick merged into the political entity known today as Canada , with the old province of Canada divided into what are today known as Ontario and Quebec .
O Canada !
Our home and native land !
True patriot love in all thy sons command .
With glowing hearts we see thee rise ,
The True North strong and free !
From far and wide ,
O Canada , we stand on guard for thee .
God keep our land glorious and free !
O Canada , we stand on guard for thee .
O Canada , we stand on guard for thee .

O Canada ,
land of our ancestors
Glorious deeds circle your brow
For your arm knows how to wield the sword
Your arm knows how to carry the cross ;
Your history is an epic
of brilliant deeds
And your valour steeped in faith
will protect our homes and our rights ,
Will protect our homes and our rights .


@summary
Bill introduced by Liberal lawmaker set for final vote in the Senate

@summary
Legislation would alter lyrics to Canada 's national anthem , O Canada

@summary
If passed , the line ` all thy sons command ' would instead read ` all of us command '

@summary
Conservative opposition slams proposal as political correctness run amok

