@title
The trendy juice-only crash diets that are ruining women 's health : Weight-loss fad loved by thousands can cause diabetes , tooth decay and even obesity

@body
The photos on her fridge door show mother-of-two Kelly Enisz at her slimmest . In one she is wearing a strappy bikini aboard a yacht off the Ibiza coast .
Another shows her in skimpy shorts on a Cyprus beach at sunset , and in a third she looks impossibly glamorous at a wedding in a clingy size ten dress .
But since the pictures were taken , she worries she may have gained a few pounds . Yet instead of deciding to control her portion sizes and count calories , she will resort to a more drastic plan : a liquid diet .
For up to a fortnight at a time , in the run-up to special occasions such as holidays and weddings , Kelly survives on nothing but juice .
It may sound extreme -- and even downright dangerous -- but Kelly is one of a growing number of women relying on fruit and vegetable juice diets to slim down .
Homewares retailer Lakeland reported juicer sales had risen 40-fold in 2013 , and Vitamix , whose top-of-the-range juicers cost # 600 , tripled its sales between 2010 and 2015 .
Devotees insist juice diets give results quickly , are easier to follow than traditional calorie-counting methods and can even improve mood and energy levels .
But experts warn that not only do liquid diets lack vital nutrients , they can cause a range of health problems , from tooth decay to diabetes , migraines , dry skin and fainting spells -- and even lead to weight gain and obesity in the long run .
However , Kelly -- who has been on eight such diets in the past three years -- swears it is the best way to maintain her figure .
` I need a quick fix to slim down -- I do n't have the willpower for traditional diets , ' says Kelly , 31 . ` With juice I can lose up to a stone in just a few days and I do n't just look thinner , I feel better . '
Celebrity fans of liquid diets include Kate Moss 's half-sister , model Lottie Moss , 19 , who recently posted a picture of herself on social media at a week-long health retreat in Turkey , alongside the caption : ` No food , just juice . '
Healthy living advocate Gwyneth Paltrow , 44 , meanwhile , revealed she lived on nothing but goat 's milk for eight days to rid her body of ` parasites ' .
But can a liquid diet ever be safe ? Not according to academics at the American College of Cardiology , who warn they could make us fat by concentrating the calories in food , making it easier to over-consume .
Dietitian Anna Daniels agrees . ` I would n't recommend juice diets to anyone , ' she says . ` For a start , the idea of juicing to detox is a marketing myth -- our kidneys and liver do a perfectly good job of getting rid of toxins on their own .
` If your juices contain mostly fruit you also run the risk of consuming too much sugar . In the short term , this will spike blood sugar levels causing a subsequent crash which will then lead to lethargy , irritability and concentration lapses .
` Long term , it can lead to diabetes , obesity and tooth decay . And you will be depriving your body of fibre , dairy , wholegrains and protein , which are essential for healthy digestion , skin , bones and cardiovascular function . '
However , Kelly is undeterred . ` I would never do anything to jeopardise my health , ' she says . ` But I need results fast and do n't see anything wrong with it . '
She started juicing in 2014 after watching a documentary called Fat , Sick & Nearly Dead , in which a morbidly obese man has seven fruit and vegetable juices a day for 60 days .
` It helped him change his diet and inspired me to lose weight , ' says Kelly , from Billingham , Co. . Durham , who is married to Army driver Liam , 28 , and has two children , Scarlett , 11 , and Cohen , nine . ` I went straight out to buy a juicing machine . '
At 10 1/2 st and a size 12/14 she was hardly fat , but says : ` I 'm only 5ft 3in , so excess weight shows , especially on my bottom and thighs .
` I 'd tried every other diet , from Slimming World to Weight Watchers , but never lost more than 2lb .
` I always gave in to temptation . We were about to go on holiday and I wanted to look good on the beach . '
So she bought every fruit and vegetable she could find and liquidised them into seven pint glasses of juice a day .
` I made a ratio of 80:20 vegetables to fruit so they were n't too sugary , ' says Kelly .
She does n't know how many calories she consumed , but with an average juice containing five portions of fruit and vegetables , the daily total is unlikely to exceed more than 1,000 -- around half the recommended 2,000 a day for adult women . ` At first I had horrendous headaches and felt groggy , ' says Kelly .
` By day three , however , my energy returned . My skin looked clearer and I did n't feel hungry because my stomach was full with liquid . '
By the end of the week , Kelly was delighted to find she had lost 8lb and was a size eight .
But dietitian Anna Daniels warns that any euphoria is usually short-lived , saying : ` When weight is lost this rapidly the majority of it is water and glycogen -- your body 's carbohydrate stores -- which will soon come back when you start eating normally . '
Sure enough , as she flew home from her Ibiza holiday , Kelly , had put on 5lb thanks to a week of sugary mojito cocktails , breakfast buffets and restaurant dinners . ` Perhaps it was stupid , but I just wanted to look good in a bikini and my diet had the required result , ' she says .
Since then , she has been on seven more juice diets , all lasting between three days and a fortnight . ` My favourite juice is cucumber , celery and apple , ' says Kelly , who is planning her next juice diet before a friend 's wedding .
` Mint gives my juices a kick and if I want a treat I 'll have pineapple and orange . I 've also juiced onions and garlic as I read it could ease cold symptoms -- which it did -- and drank kale juice for three days to boost my iron levels . '
But within a couple of months of eating normally , the weight always returns . And though Kelly insists she does not feel hungry -- even when juicing for a fortnight before a holiday to Cyprus last summer , during which time she lost 1st -- she admits there are downsides , not least the # 70 a week cost . ` Because the juicers extract the pulp of the food , you need to buy a lot of fruit and vegetables to make enough liquid , which makes me feel guilty , ' she says .
` Liam is supportive , but the diet is isolating . And after a week without solids I forget how to chew . When I try to eat , the food goes everywhere like a baby . ' But detox diets can have far more serious consequences . In January , the British Medical Journal reported that a 47-year-old woman had been hospitalised after following a liquid ` detox ' diet .
The combination of excessive water intake plus the effects of a herbal remedy called valerian root , which she also took , is thought to have caused dangerously low sodium levels , leading to life-threatening seizures .
Clare McCartney says following liquid diets for the past 14 years has dried out her skin , given her migraines and even caused her to faint .
Yet astonishingly , she continues to survive on only juice for at least one day a week .
` I know they can be bad for me , but I find them addictive , ' says Clare , 42 , from Harlow , Essex , who has kale , spinach and ginger juice for breakfast and lunch followed by a carrot and spinach concoction for dinner .
Clare , who had a hectic career at a computer training company , went on her first juice diet at a yoga retreat in the U.S. in 2003 , aged 28 , during which she drank nothing but carrot , spinach and ginger juice for three days .
` The instructor said it would cleanse our minds and bodies , ' she says . ` After day one I got a migraine -- my first ever -- but by day three my clothes were looser . I was feeling healthier and more in control than I had in years . I was hooked . '
Back home , she bought a juicer and alternated a reasonably healthy diet with living on fruit and vegetable juice for three days a week at least twice a month -- a practice she has continued for the past ten years . She also retrained as a yoga teacher .
Alongside her three replacement meal drinks , Clare usually has two daily ` treat ' juices containing pineapple , orange and banana on her liquid diet . She consumes a total of 20 pieces of fruit and vegetables -- which rarely amounts to more than 800 calories -- a day .
Over the years her juicing has been so fanatical her neighbours have complained about the noise coming from the machine . On one occasion , her juicer was broken by an endless barrage of carrots .
And though Clare -- 5ft , 8st 2lb and a size ten -- insists she started liquid diets to feel healthier as much as to lose weight , the 5lb she typically loses after three days were nonetheless welcome .
` I loved the way my stomach looked flatter afterwards in a way it never did when I 'd tried to cut down on solid food , ' she says .
` I enjoyed fitting into size eight dresses and eating my favourite meals when I was n't juicing without feeling guilty . '
She insists juices fill her up , but admits : ` After three days I feel weak , wobbly and irritable . Once I fainted in front of my boss , who sent me home . I was too embarrassed to tell why I 'd fainted .
` I often suffer migraines . My skin develops dry patches and my mum and friends say liquid diets are incredibly bad for me . '
Two years ago , she decided they might have a point .
` I was constantly exhausted and the weight loss had slowed -- I think my body conserved calories in anticipation and I lost only 2lb .
` I decided that , on a regular basis , I would drink juice only for one day a week . ' Now she does juice-only Thursdays before a weekend indulging in roast dinners and fajitas , quickly putting on the pound or two she lost .
You ca n't help but suspect the deprivation drives her to eat more , especially as even Clare admits : ` It would probably be better for me to just eat healthily all the time . '
Lydia Wheatley believes liquid diets are the most effective way for her to ` fine tune ' her body . She survived on liquids only for eight weeks in November 2015 to slim down to a size ten for a spate of parties .
Lydia , 37 , a mother of three from Croydon , Surrey , who edits a parenting magazine , says : ` I wanted to achieve a flat stomach and reduce the fat on the back of my arms .
` I had heard that Beyonce had done liquid diets to prepare for film roles and was intrigued .
` I 'd tried cutting down on carbs and controlling my portion sizes before , but had never lost any weight . Solid food , especially bread , made me bloated and I 'm so busy that I rarely have time to prepare healthy meals . '
Lydia , 5ft 6in and formerly 10st , devised her own 1,500 calorie-a-day diet , with porridge made from a couple of tablespoons of cornmeal for breakfast , a fruit and yoghurt smoothie for lunch and a liquidised vegetable soup for dinner .
` I added almonds and avocados to my smoothies for protein . I certainly was n't starving myself and used a blender that kept the pulp of the fruit and vegetables so I got enough fibre , ' says Lydia .
But , again , says dietitian Anna Daniels : ` Any kind of liquid diet is unsustainable and does n't teach long-term healthy eating habits . '
Certainly , Lydia seems to have approached what she describes as her ` challenge ' as a test of mental fortitude .
` I had to stop socialising as I love food and would have found it hard to resist a deep-fried prawn in a restaurant , ' she says .
` I had to have my liquid meals separately from the children , whose chicken and pizza would have been all too tempting . But I would have felt worse should I have quit . '
After a week she had lost 3lb . After eight weeks she had shed a stone to become 9st and size ten .
` My stomach was flatter , my arms looked tighter and I felt I had flushed the toxins out of my body , ' she says . And though the weight crept back on , Lydia went on another liquid diet last summer in preparation for a party .
This time her 1,000 calories-a-day diet comprised protein shakes , honey and water , and coconut water and yoghurt smoothies .
` For the first three days I missed food , but then I felt good , ' says Lydia . She lost 6lb in seven days and celebrated at the party by wearing a long , figure-hugging ball gown while tucking into the evening buffet with abandon because , she says : ` If I 've achieved my goal I should be rewarded . '
Nonetheless , she has managed to maintain her weight loss since then by replacing one or two meals with drinks every day .
` If I do put on weight I wo n't hesitate to go on another liquid-only diet , ' she says . ` For me , it 's the most effective way of looking good and losing weight . '

@summary
Growing number of women rely on fruit and vegetable juice diets to slim down

@summary
Celebrity fans of liquid diets include model Lottie Moss and Gwyneth Paltrow

@summary
Homewares retailer Lakeland reported juicer sales had risen 40-fold in 2013

@summary
Devotees insist juice diets give results quickly and are easier to follow

