@title
DO look down ! Heart-stopping moment a diver somersaults off a 55ft platform into the deepest pool on a cruise ship

@body
This footage captures the vertigo-inducing moment an acrobat springs off the diving board of a moving cruise ship .
Cesilie Carlton , a 35-year-old American high diver , is seen limbering up atop the 55ft high platform as the fast-moving ocean churns past below her , before leaping off and performing several somersaults into the pool underneath .
The impressive and frankly terrifying video was shot aboard the Harmony of the Seas cruise ship by her colleague , fellow diver Sydney Brown .
Cesilie , who is also currently a Red Bull cliff diver , has amassed more than 250,000 views on Instagram since the footage was posted last week .
The cruise ship - the largest passenger liner in the world with a capacity for 5,479 guests - boasts a 2,100-strong crew , of which 20 are performers at the AquaTheater seen in the video .
Speaking to MailOnline Travel , fellow cast member Sydney reveals : ` We have the deepest pool at sea , and if the ship is moving from side to side , the water in the pool can spill out .
` If it 's unusually rough weather and we lose too much water , we postpone shows - a safety precaution for our divers who are jumping , like Cecile , from as high as 55 feet . This is uncommon though . '
Performers typically stay on the ship for six to nine months at a time , putting on regular shows for their spectators .
` We always begin with rehearsals at our entertainment facility in South Florida and then have about two weeks to bring the show to life onboard , ' Sydney explains .

Cesilie won the first gold medal for her country at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships , and now travels regularly to compete showcase her skills .



@summary
Cesilie Carlton is a high dive performer on the Harmony of the Seas cruise ship

@summary
Footage shows her jumping headfirst off a 55ft diving board into the pool below

@summary
The ship is the world 's largest passenger liner with the deepest pool at sea

