@title
` Gender bending ' chemical used in a wide range of plastics is finally named as a ` substance of very high concern ' by European health officials

@body

European health officials have announced a gender bending chemical used in a wide range of plastics to be a ` substance of very high concern ' .
Bisphenol A , also known as BPA , has been widely linked to cancer , birth defects and male infertility in recent years .
The decision , made by the European Chemicals Agency , was based on ` its endocrine disrupting properties which cause probable serious effects to human health ' .
Experts have warned that the chemical must now be phased out across the continent to stop any ` irreversible damage ' .

` Must act fast '
ClientEarth environmental lawyer Alice Bernard said : ` Now BPA is finally recognised as an endocrine disruptor , the EU and national governments must act fast to limit the irreversible damage this chemical does to people and the environment . '

BPA is used to make plastics , including materials that come into contact with food , toys and cosmetics .
It is most widely found in refillable drinks bottles and food storage containers , as well as the protective coatings and linings for food and drinks cans .
How is BPA dangerous ?
The chemical can enter the body through food that has been kept in packaging containing BPA , handling packaging or even through breathing in household dust .
However , it is not listed on labels so there is no way to keep track of levels of daily exposure .
In both the EU and the US , BPA has been banned from use in babies ' bottles because the chemical can be released if the bottles are heated to high temperatures .
Babies do not have the capacity to remove it from their bodies .
BPS was designed as a replacement for BPA after mounting concerns about the plastic compound 's effect on human health .
But , scientists now believe that BPS is also a hormone disruptor .
WHAT ARE THESE CHEMICALS ?
So-called endocrine-disrupting chemicals are found in thousands of everyday products , ranging from plastic and metal food containers , to detergents , flame retardants , toys and cosmetics .

Bisphenol A -LRB- BPA -RRB- in polycarbonate plastic is used for hard reusable bottles and food containers .
Bisphenol S -LRB- BPS -RRB- can be found in personal care products , baby bottles and receipts .
WHAT DO THEY DO ?
The invisible chemicals cause neurological and behavioral disorders including autism and ADHD .
They also affect IQ .
Their hormone effects may cause cancer , diabetes , male infertility and endometriosis .
But others say there is no risk
However , the Food Standards Agency and the European Food Safety Authority -LRB- EFSA -RRB- have said the chemical is not a safety concern .
The most recent statement from EFSA , in January 2015 , said there is no risk posed to human health at current exposure levels .
It said the highest estimates for exposure in the diet and from other sources are three to five times lower than the maximum recommended level .
It also said there is no health risk to consumers of any age group , including unborn children , infants and adolescents .
In the US , the Food and Drug Administration 's most recent ruling on the chemical was that it was ` safe at current levels ' .

A report from last year found that children exposed to high levels of BPA in the womb were fatter by the age of seven .

It is feared that the chemical alters the programming of the unborn child 's metabolism , causing problems in the years to come .
BPA 's replacement
As more companies voluntarily stopped using BPA , they turned to the alternative Bisphenol S -LRB- BPS -RRB- .
This was designed as a replacement after mounting concerns about the plastic compound 's effect on human health .
But researchers warned in April that BPS mimics estrogen and may have the same hormonal effects as the so-called gender-bending BPA .


@summary
Bisphenol A has been widely linked to cancer , birth defects and male infertility

@summary
The new ruling on the chemical was made by the European Chemicals Agency

@summary
It was based on ` its endocrine disrupting properties ' that harm human health

@summary
Experts warn the chemical must now be phased out across the continent

