@title
Dimitri Payet and the Premier League millionaires should thank Sir Stanley Matthews , the original superstar who paved the way for their huge wages

@body
When the transfer window closes on Tuesday after being dominated by the shenanigans of Dimitri Payet , Diego Costa and the Chinese Super League , it will be interesting if any of today 's players raise a glass to Sir Stanley Matthews the next day , on what would have been his 102nd birthday .
Without Sir Stanley , the game 's first globally-recognised figure , it is doubtful any of the current generation would be able to enjoy a lifestyle akin to Hollywood royalty .
Not only was he football 's inaugural European Footballer of the Year and knight of the realm , his popularity meant he was also the first ` brand ' able to earn money as a celebrity . As a result , attitudes towards players -- as though they were slaves -- had to change .
Alfredo di Stefano and Pele followed Sir Stanley , then the maximum wage was abolished in England in 1961 and today the average Premier League player earns # 2.4 million a year , or nearly 17 times the Prime Minister 's salary .
Sir Stanley 's memory will be honoured at a gala dinner just outside his home city of Stoke on Thursday and while he would have disapproved of the worst excesses of player power , such as Payet striking at West Ham , he would have been proud of his role in ensuring footballers are valued properly .
` Stanley played most of his career before the game was shown on television but he still became the first truly international football star , ' says Stoke City chairman Peter Coates , who idolised Stanley as a young fan and later became a good friend and spoke at his funeral in 2000 .
` He was known throughout the world . Attendances went up wherever he played , from all over England to Europe and South America . People said , ` We have got to go and see this Stanley Matthews ' .
` Bobby Charlton told me that when Stanley played at Newcastle , he went as a young boy and stood by the corner flag so he could be near him . It gives you some idea of his stature and fame . '
The Matthews story is from another era but also represents the dawning of this one .
He joined Stoke City on # 3 a week in 1932 , walking to training and back twice a day , a total of eight miles , to strengthen his legs at his father 's insistence .
Though little live footage of Matthews existed until the 1953 FA Cup final , his fame spread by word of mouth , based on pure talent alone and long before the age of social media or other gimmicks .
Coates watched him from a bank at the Town End of Stoke 's old Victoria Ground . ` You only had to look at Stanley to see how light on his feet he was , ' he says . ` He had really great acceleration and wonderful balance . The full-back would shuffle up , try to challenge him and he was gone .
` It was a tougher arena then , defenders would try to kick you into the stands . But Stanley told me later he was always confident he was quick enough to evade them .
` He would have adapted to the modern game because he was the best of his generation and he was an athlete . If you think that Bale and -LSB- Cristiano -RSB- Ronaldo cost # 80million , you 'd have to put Stanley up there . '
Stanley 's highest salary , # 50 a week , came in middle-age when he returned to Stoke from his only other club , Blackpool , in 1961 at the age of 46 after the maximum wage of # 20 had been abolished . But his status also gave him a unique power that transcended sport . Companies queued up to pay for his endorsements , from football boots to cigarettes , even though he did n't smoke .
While most players were held to their contracts like slaves , Matthews was able to persuade Stoke to sell him to Blackpool in 1947 , the # 11,500 transfer fee huge for the time as he was already 32 . There were protests in the Potteries against the board for cashing in .
Remarkably , he was able to win 57 England caps despite missing the peak years of his career , between the ages of 24 and 30 , because of the Second World War .
The advent of television in Matthews ' later career saw his fame reach new heights . Winning the FA Cup for Blackpool at 38 gave him national treasure status , four years later in 1957 he became the oldest England international , a record that still stands .
Crowds trebled from 12,000 to 36,000 when he rejoined Stoke in 1961 and when he retired in 1965 aged 50 , a galaxy of stars including Bobby Moore , Lev Yashin , Eusebio , John Charles , Uwe Seeler , Ferenc Puskas , Alfredo Di Stefano , Bobby Charlton and Jimmy Greaves played in his testimonial match.At the end he was carried from the pitch shoulder high by Puskas and Yashin .
Coates , who made his money in catering before founding online betting company bet365 , made Matthews Stoke 's life president when he took over the club .
` One of the things I liked about Stan is that I never heard him criticise the modern games , ' he says . ` There are plenty of old sportsmen who say ` They 're not as good as in my day ' but Stan embraced it . He was a bright man , ahead of his time .
` He would come to my house occasionally for dinner or lunch with his wife , and he was very careful about what he ate . He was into diet , breathing , stretching , exercise . He was very switched on . You do n't play until you are 50 unless you are pretty special .
` Stan was also smart . He knew his value . People asked him to do things and that comes with a price , he knew had a big place in the football world . He was the first to start endorsing products in a proper way . I remember getting a pair of Stanley Matthews football boots for Christmas .
` When I went around the world with the FA , they 'd always say ` Ah , Stanley Matthews ' . Like we talk about Ronaldo , he was talked about in the same way without having the television profile .
` He worked in Canada , Malta , in South Africa . He did quite a lot of work in Soweto , which says a lot for him .
` Stan would have understood what his team-mate Neil Franklin meant when he told Tom Finney before a Scotland v England game at Hampden : ` Look at this Tom , 130,000 people here and we are getting # 20 . It ca n't be right . '
` Footballers get the money because they are the focus , it 's players we want to see in the stadiums or live on television . They are the people who put on the show . '
In retirement , Stanley lived comfortably in a house between Stoke and Newcastle-under-Lyme once owned by local scientist Oliver Lodge , famous for manufacturing spark plugs .
Until his death in 2000 , Matthews attended Stoke 's home matches and continued to take up invitations that poured in from around the world .
For Coates , one of his proudest moments was to be asked to speak at Stanley 's funeral , when 100,000 people lined the streets of the Potteries .
He says : ' I quoted Harold McMillan 's line that nothing rolls up quicker than the red carpet . And I added : ` It never rolled up for Stan . ' Wherever he went , the red carpet came out . '
It 's a thought that Oscar , Carlos Tevez and Payet might ponder from their mansions when their careers are over .
The Sir Stanley Matthews Foundation Gala Dinner to mark the 102nd anniversary of his birth will take place at Keele Hall , Staffs on Thursday at 7.30 pm . Tickets are # 40 with former Stoke manager Tony Pulis the guest of honour .

@summary
Sir Stanley Matthews was football 's first superstar and arguably its first ` brand '

@summary
His immense popularity saw attitudes towards footballers ' wages change

@summary
His memory will be honoured at a dinner near his home city of Stoke this week

@summary
Sir Stanley , who died 17 years ago aged 85 , would have been 102 this week

@summary
The average Premier League footballer now earns a massive # 2.4 million per year

