@title
The Dryas monkey is back from the dead ! Researchers capture Congo primate thought to be almost extinct on video

@body
For the first time , researchers have captured footage of the critically endangered Dryas monkey , an elusive species that 's ` mastered the art of hiding ' deep in the Congo basin .
In order to observe the monkeys , researchers had to set up remote camera traps throughout the rainforest , even scaling tall trees to place cameras up in the canopy .
Dryas monkeys , locally known as Inoko , were first discovered in 1932 , but years of unregulated hunting and small population size has caused scientists to believe they are nearing extinction .
Scroll down for video
Dryas monkeys , locally known as Inoko , were first discovered in 1932 .
But , years of unregulated hunting and small population size has caused scientists to believe they are nearing extinction .
It was initially thought that they live only in one site in the Congo basin .
Researchers have now discovered a new population of Dryas monkeys at the 2.2 million acre Lomami National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Dryas monkeys are colourful and elusive , and are just about the size of a house cat .
The researchers from Florida Atlantic University discovered the population at the 2.2 million acre Lomami National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
One of these monkeys was previously found dead by field teams from the Lukuru Foundation TL2 Project near the border of the park , with a local hunter .
But , it 's been difficult to pinpoint the monkeys in their home .
` The Dryas monkey is extremely cryptic and we had to think of a creative strategy to observe them in the wild , ' said Kate Detwiler , PhD , a primatologist and an assistant professor of anthropology in FAU 's Dorothy F Schmidt College of Arts and Letters .
` Dryas monkeys are drawn to dense thickets and flooded areas . When threatened , they quickly disappear into a tangle of vines and foliage , mastering the art of hiding . '
Dewiler has worked with scientists at the Lukuru Foundation for more than eight years , and helped to discover a new species , the Lesula monkey at the park in 2012 .
To find the elusive Dryas monkeys , the researcher called on Daniel Alempijevic for help .
Alempijevic had to learn to climb trees , and once he 'd obtained his certificate , the researcher placed cameras on the ground , mid-level , and up high in the canopy .
It was the first time researchers have conducted an arboreal camera trap survey in the TL2 Landscape , and required an entire semester to set up the traps .
` This was an opportunity of a lifetime , ' said Alempijevic , now a master 's candidate in FAU 's Environmental Sciences Program .
` It was an incredible experience to work in the canopy of such a remote site , and to get the first camera-trap videos of an extremely rare and elusive species . '
Not only will the effort aid research on these critically endangered monkeys , but the traps will be used to gather information on other animals at Lomami National Park , including the bonobo , African palm civet , and potto .
The researchers are also working to determine if the species is closely related to the Vervet monkey .
` The Congo Basin rainforest is the second-largest rainforest in the world , and contains some of the least known species on the planet , many of which are threatened from hunting pressure and deforestation , ' said Detwiler .
` Our goal is to document where new Dryas populations live and develop effective methods to monitor population size over time to ensure their protection .
` Understanding where they reside is important , because the animals living inside the Lomami National Park are protected , as it is illegal to hunt . '


@summary
Dryas monkeys , locally known as Inoko , were first discovered in 1932

@summary
But , they are very elusive , and scientists believed they 're nearing extinction

@summary
They 've now been captured on film , revealing a new population in Congo

