@title
Blackpool owner Karl Oyston ridicules fans by labelling protesters as ` busted flush ' ahead of FA Cup tie at Blackburn

@body
Controversial Karl Oyston further angered and agitated protesting Blackpool fans by ridiculing them as a ` busted flush ' .
Hundreds of supporters are expected to link arms with rivals Blackburn during a march to Saturday 's FA Cup game at Ewood Park .
They will not enter the stadium to watch the fourth round tie as the ` not a penny more ' protests against the club 's ownership continue .
The maligned Blackpool chairman came out fighting on Friday morning ahead of the planned demonstration , driving a further wedge between him and fans who refuse to watch their team .
` I 'm sure they 'll get bored in time . Numbers are dwindling , interest is dwindling , ' Oyston told talkSPORT .
` They 're a busted flush with nothing to offer . You can only go on for so long trotting out the same tired rhetoric before people get fed up of it .
` They naively think in some child-like way that we should be driven or just walk away . It 's very much in vogue for some people , and let 's not over-egg the pudding because there 's not that many of them .
` There are normally a handful outside our ground on matchdays waving a banner around . This dwindling group are championing a cause which is n't there .
` They are people with no alternatives whatsoever , nothing to offer . They just want to criticise , deride and abuse the proper fans who come into the ground . '
Oyston was also forced to row back on his suggestions that there were no interested parties in taking the club over , revealing that Eden Rahic 's consortium - now at Bradford - had looked into a purchase .
Blackpool average under 3,500 at Bloomfield Road this season in League Two , with the club handing out scores of free tickets each week to boost figures .
The home ends were embarrassingly empty for the third round home draw against Barnsley earlier this month and the timing of Oyston 's comments will rile with those travelling to East Lancashire on Saturday .
Oyston - who has consistently sued supporters for allegations made online - also made the scarcely believable assertion that a ceasefire had been reached .
` Peace has broken out , ' he added . ` The people who want to come into the ground and support the team are doing so .
` The ones that do n't , and it 's a small number , do n't and have backed themselves into such a corner that probably could never save face if they did come back . That 's unfortunate for them and I pity them . '

@summary
Blackpool fans remain unhappy at the running of their club under the Oystons

@summary
A march with Blackburn fans to Ewood Park on Saturday has been planned

@summary
On talkSPORT , Oyston drove a further wedge between him and the supporters

@summary
He labelled protesters as ' a busted flush with nothing to offer ' ahead of FA Cup

