@title
Rangers ready for back-to-back Old Firm tests , says Pedro Caixinha : ' I just hope to have 11 warriors starting '

@body
Pedro Caixinha has declared his Rangers team ready for back-to-back Celtic tests as he prepares for his Old Firm managerial bow .
Thanks to goals from Kenny Miller and Jon Toral , the Ibrox manager celebrated a 2-0 win over Partick Thistle that kept Rangers within nine points of second-placed Aberdeen .
He awarded himself and his squad two days off but admitted he was already relishing the opportunity to try and plot the downfall of Celtic 's Treble ambitions . The bitter rivals meet at Hampden next Sunday in a William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final before doing battle for the sixth and final time this season at Ibrox the following Saturday .
` This team is always ready to beat anyone and Celtic is the next game , ' said Caixinha . ` The history of this team is about this . We need to be ready and prepare for the game .
` The approach is going to be different -- it 's an Old Firm game , a knockout game , and I like the strategic side of that , so I 'm looking forward to preparing for it .
' I just hope to have 11 warriors starting the game .
` We feel the team is growing in confidence , getting a pattern and an identity . So we 'll keep focusing on that .
` We know Celtic will be a different opponent , a different match because it is a knockout , and we need to prepare every detail .
` Now everyone needs to enjoy their two days off and then come back to get into our pattern and focus and prepare . '
Saturday 's success was the third game in a row without conceding a goal following on from a stalemate at Killie and last week 's 3-0 win at Aberdeen .
Mark Warburton 's team managed three clean sheets in a row only against lower-league opposition right at the start of the season in the Betfred Cup group stages .
Yet Caixinha said : ' I am not totally happy about our defending .
` It 's also true we are not letting the opponent create so many clear chances against us , which is good . But I want more collective defending and need to keep working on it .
` It 's the first time we 've combined for two wins , it 's the third time in a row we have n't conceded but we still have a lot of work to do . '
Caixinha hauled Barrie McKay -- in the middle of a contract impasse at Ibrox -- off at the break and when asked if he was unhappy with the winger 's display , Caixinha would only say : ` It 's something I need to speak with Barrie about , not you . '
There were no complaints about Toral 's performance , with the on-loan Arsenal man scoring the second goal against Partick to cap an impressive performance .
` Jon 's goal was one of the best of the season , ' said Caixinha . ` It was outstanding , with brilliant build-up from Emerson -LRB- Hyndman -RRB- .
` He was unlucky to miss the last Celtic game through injury so I 'm sure he 's raring to go next Sunday . '
Partick boss Alan Archibald admitted he was frustrated by his side 's display , saying : I thought we were really poor . If it was n't for Tomas Cerny 's display , we 'd have lost by more . '


@summary
Rangers face Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final then again in the Premiership

@summary
A win over Partick Thistle kept Rangers within nine points of Aberdeen in second

@summary
Now Pedro Caixinha turns his attention to knockout football and rivals Celtic

