@title
` Simply un-American ! ' Bill de Blasio hammers Trump 's ` extreme vetting ' order and insists he 's wo n't stand for the White House 's sanctuary-cities fight

@body

New York City 's mayor clobbered President Donald Trump on Sunday for what he called an ` un-American ' approach to terrorism prevention .
Bill de Blasio rendered judgment after a day of controlled chaos at American international airport 's including New York City 's JFK , as protesters loudly objected to the temporary detention of just over 100 people arriving from seven terror-prone countries .
He said it 's unclear if anyone at JFK Airport is still being questioned , even after a federal judge issued a stay Saturday that was expected to force the Trump administration into at least temporary submission .
` We are trying to get a clear picture of that , ' de Blasio told CNN on the ` State of the Union ' program . ` There certainly do still appear to be people detained . '
` Even though Judge Donnelly 's action -- her decision last night was quite clear that the action by the president was stayed and people should not be detained -- we 're still not clear that the Trump administration has honored that decision by a federal judge . '
But ` President Trump 's executive order is simply un-American , ' he declared .
` It is suggesting that people 's civil liberties can be taken away , even if they are green card holders , even if they 're permanent residents on the pathway to citizenship . '
Trump 's order , signed amid fanfare Friday at the Pentagon , demanded a temporary shutdown of the U.S. refugee resettlement program and made seven nations ' citizens and visitors subject to what the president called ` extreme vetting ' while he was running for the White House .
Civil libertarians and immigrants ' rights activists immediately objected , saying the Customs and Border Protection agency does n't have the power to hold people when they arrive on U.S. soil if they had valid visas when their planes took off .
' I have read this executive order , ' de Blasio said . ` It makes no distinction if someone has a green card and is already recognized on the pathway to citizenship . It makes no distinction if you have served in the U.S. military previously . You still can be detained . '
` In this country the notion of detention without due process , without probable cause or a charge against you violates our constitutional norms . ... Anyone who considers themselves a libertarian should be deeply concerned to see our government detaining people for no apparent reason and denying them their rights . '
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus insisted on NBC 's ` Meet the Press ' that ` the executive order does n't affect green card holders moving forward . '
But Priebus did say repeated back-and-forth travel to countries where terrorism breeds and grows was already sufficient cause for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to examine a traveler more carefully .
` If they have a person that 's traveling back and forth to Libya or Somalia or Yemen , I would suspect within their discretion , they might ask a few more questions at JFK or some other airport when someone 's coming back and forth within their discretionary authority as a customs and border patrol agent , ' he said .
` And what I 'm saying is I would suspect that most Americans would agree that that might be a good thing to do . '
` At every level in an airport a customs and border patrol agent has the authority to use their discretion to ask questions , ' Priebus added . ` That 's all we 're talking about . '
Confusion reigned over the weekend as Trump 's order caught federal agencies by surprise , including overseas consular offices that had n't been warned the new policy was coming .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on ABC 's ` This Week ' that ` the people that needed to know knew . '
` What we could n't do was telegraph our position ahead of time to ensure that people flooded in before that happened , before it went into place , ' Spicer added in his circuitous speaking style .
` So the appropriate leadership was notified and cables were being sent out through the state Department as we speak . '
` When you get down to the TSA level and some of the customs and border officials who are on the front lines , we had to do it in a way that ensured the safety of America was preserved . And if we had telegraphed that ahead of time , then that would have been a massive security problem , ' he insisted .
De Blasio told CNN that ` there was no guidance ' given to the port authority or other airport authorities .
` And , obviously , there was not even clear guidance to federal officials around the country . And that 's why there is so much confusion here . '
Nine days into the new administration , De Blasio has already become a vocal cheerleader for anti-Trump Democrats . He objected loudly on Wednesday when the White House issued an order denying federal funding to cities that refused to hand over illegal immigrants to federal immigration officials .
` We 're not going to stand for that , ' he said on Sunday .
New York is , functionally , on of those self-declared ` sanctuary cities ' -- although a 2014 city law dictate that the feds can take custody of serious felons who are in the country illegally and are jailed in the Big Apple .
De Blasio acknowledged , though , that grand larceny and drunk driving do n't fall in that category .
` Why should n't the city of New York comply with federal law in this area ? ' CNN anchor Jake Tapper asked him . ` If you 're are a drunk driver and you 're an undocumented immigrant , why should there be a place for you in this country ? '

The mayor said only that his city cooperates with federal authorities when an illegal immigrant commits a ` serious and violent crime . '
` Anyone who is violent , anyone who is a serious threat to society , we agree we will work with the federal partners and they get deported , ' he said .
But de Blasio warned that with a half-million illegals in New York City , ` we are not going to see families torn apart over a very minor offense . '
` Our police department has felt for decades that it must have a working relationship with those folks , ' he insisted .
De Blasio pledged to fight the order legally , suing the federal government , if necessary .
` Rule one , we 're going at this , ' he said . ` If there is an attempt to implement -- and , of course , there 's not been an attempt to implement yet -- we will go to court to have it stayed , just like this more recent executive order was stayed . '
Florida 's populous Miami-Dade County announced Thursday that it would ` fully cooperate ' with the Department of Homeland Security rather than forgo millions of dollars from the federal government .
Republican Mayor Carlo Gimenez told the Miami Herald that in 2016 it would have cost $ 52,000 for his jails to hold the roughly 100 inmates that the federal government wanted .
But by complying with federal law , the county stands to reap a $ 355 million windfall , about 5 per cent of its $ 7 billion operating budget .







@summary
New York City mayor says detaining targeted international-arriving passengers for ` extreme vetting ' screening does n't jive with the U.S. Constitution

@summary
Bill de Blasio says it 's ` still not clear ' if the Trump administration is obeying a judge who halted enforcement of the new executive order

@summary
He insisted the order does n't distinguish between foreign nationals who are visiting and legal residents with ` green cards '

@summary
Trump administration says green card holders are n't targeted but border enforcement officers already had discretion to screen them appropriately

@summary
De Blasio also vowed to fight Trump executive order on ` sanctuary cities '

