@title
The ` saddest Minnie Mouse ' : Pensioner , 70 , dresses up as cartoon character and charges 11p for a picture to raise funds for her daughter-in-law 's medical treatment

@body
For most people , seeing Minnie Mouse evokes a happy feeling .
However in this woman 's case , it 's a necessity in order to try and raise enough cash to pay for her daughter-in-law 's treatment .
Yin Pizhi puts on a Minnie Mouse costume every day and charges between one -LRB- 11p -RRB- and five yuan -LRB- 55p -RRB- for a group photo to help her daughter who was injured in a car accident , reports Huanqiu , an affiliation with the People 's Daily Online .
70-year-old Yin Pizhi dons a Minnie Mouse costume with the aim of collecting as much money as possible .
Her daughter-in-law was injured in a car accident and remains in a critical condition .
She charges between one -LRB- 11p -RRB- and five yuan -LRB- 57p -RRB- for a group photo with all of the money going towards the cost of treating her daughter-in-law .
The daughter-in-law named Wang Hai-mei has been at Ningjin County People 's Hospital for over 50 days .
She is still unconscious and has since been transferred to a larger hospital in Jinan .
Pizhi says that her son has heart disease and has been on medication for a long time meaning that he can not work .
She says before the accident , the daughter-in-law did odd jobs to help keep the family afloat . Now that she is sick , the family does not have another source of income .
In order to allow her daughter-in-law to get better treatment , Pizhi borrowed the costume from a friend 's son .
As the heat in Jinan has increased , the pensioner has found it increasingly hard to keep up with the work .
She can squat down and talk to the children however she needs constant breaks as it becomes too much .




@summary
Yin Pizhi wears a Minnie Mouse costume every day to raise money

@summary
Her daughter-in-law is in hospital and so she is raising money for treatment

@summary
She charges between one yuan -LRB- 11p -RRB- and five yuan -LRB- 55p -RRB- for a photograph

