@title
There 's a terrifying sense of deja vu as the Generals take over the White House and guide us towards another war -LRB- despite no-one knowing if it was Assad who used sarin on those civilians -RRB- says JOHN R BRADLEY

@body
For those of us who covered the build-up to the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 , there is a terrifying sense of deja vu as another ` Coalition of the Willing ' gears up to launch a potentially devastating wave of shock-and-awe in the Middle East .
That is certainly one worst-case interpretation of the comments made yesterday by the US ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley .
Confirming a remarkable U-turn in the Trump administration 's stance on Syria , she said that removing President Bashar al-Assad was now a ` priority ' .
Fourteen years ago we heard similar shrill calls from political leaders for regime change in Iraq , a country that -- whether or not it used chemical weapons on its own people -- posed no discernible threat to the national security of our own .
We now know the intelligence reports on Iraqi ` weapons of mass destruction ' were fabricated . The spin and lies used to dupe us were scripted for the simpleton in the White House , George W. Bush , and his smooth-talking British underling Tony Blair .
And we know that the authors of the nonsense they peddled were neo-conservative war hawks determined to invade Iraq at any cost .
The legacy of that illegal war continues to cause almost unimaginable mayhem and bloodshed throughout the region .
It gave rise to Islamic State and its self-declared Caliphate , which has brought the carnage of their global jihad not only to the Middle East but to the streets of Britain , Europe , the US and beyond .
It is shocking , therefore , that so many are taking as gospel the word of politicians , military officials and experts about the identity of those who were behind last week 's chemical weapon attack in the Syrian province of Idlib .
Once again we have in the White House a hugely inexperienced and inarticulate president with zero foreign policy knowledge .
He is desperate , as was George W. Bush , to rescue himself from historically abysmal poll numbers at the start of his presidency .
Most terrifyingly , Trump is , like Bush , surrounded by hot-headed military hawks in his National Security Adviser Lt General HR McMaster , his Defence Secretary General Jim Mattis , and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson .
They are the ideological heirs of the architects of the Iraq invasion under Bush , whose military interventionist agenda Trump has suddenly adopted despite railing against it on the campaign trail .
These men are unrepentant about the Iraq catastrophe and are just as determined as their predecessors to wreak havoc in the Middle East , come what may .
Their overriding goal : to re-establish unrivalled military and economic American hegemony in the region -- and to send an aggressive message to another potential flashpoint area of the globe , North Korea , and its ally China .
It is no coincidence that Steve Bannon , Trump 's chief strategist and who , until last week , was being described as the ` second most powerful man in America ' , was removed from the National Security Council on the very same day Trump turned on Assad with a vengeance .
Bannon , champion of the ` America first ' isolationist doctrine , was fiercely anti-war and determined to bring to an end once and for all America 's reckless military interventionism in the Middle East .
He was removed at McMaster 's behest . Trump is now reliant more than ever on his son-in-law and closest aide , Jared Kushner , who is said to favour intervention in the Middle East . It is no surprise that McMaster is reported to have been ` cosying up ' to Kushner in recent weeks .
If more evidence were needed , just see how neo-con senators who have repeatedly called for an invasion of Syria , such as John McCain and Lindsey Graham -- men who had treated Trump as the devil incarnate before he launched missiles at Syria -- are suddenly heaping praise on him .
The fact is that Trump needs their support to push through his domestic agenda , meaning he 's hostage to their foreign military interventionist goals .
Against this background it is imperative that the world discovers the truth , whether these men are peddling a fiction about Assad and chemical weapons in the same way their fellow neo-conservatives did about Saddam Hussein .
The sobering reality is that we have no concrete evidence that Assad personally ordered the use of sarin -- or , more to the point , that sarin itself was used at all .
Aside from vague claims from the Pentagon , for which it has provided no proof , the Western media has based its accusations almost exclusively on the results of an autopsy conducted on three of the victims by doctors in Turkey .
And that single fact should give enormous cause for alarm . For Turkey has , in the past , clandestinely supported Islamic State .
It is still openly supporting ` moderate ' Islamist rebel groups in Syria , who claim to have monitored the chemical attack and will gain most if the accusations against Assad are accepted as truth and America intervenes militarily .
More to the point : since the outset of the Syrian civil war , Turkey 's Islamist president has consistently called for regime change in Syria .
There is , of course , the possibility that the rebels themselves carried out the attack to win world sympathy and drag the West into the war .
Many justifiably roll their eyes when this scenario is raised , since it so often leads straight into the realm of internet conspiracy theories where everything is the result of a ` false flag ' attack carried out by clandestine CIA agents .
However , it should not be dismissed out of hand entirely . After all , these Islamist rebels opposing Assad have been fighting on the front lines of one of the most brutal civil wars the modern world has witnessed .
They have routinely committed the most horrendous human rights violations against both their military opponents and civilians , and now they are in retreat and desperate .
Moreover , through their propaganda channels , they falsely claim , on an almost weekly basis , that they have been the victims of Assad-orchestrated chemical attacks , in order to garner support and publicity in the West .
Even if they were not responsible , some experts on the Syrian conflict allege they certainly have access to chemical weapons .
And if they were to stage a similar atrocity to that which occurred in the town of Khan Sheikun last week -- for which Assad 's regime would be blamed -- they can be sure that Western intervention , to their advantage , would follow .
On the other hand , Assad may well have been responsible . But why on earth would he have launched such a provocative attack so soon after effectively being given the green light to stay in office by Washington just days earlier , when an official said that US policy was to concentrate on ISIS rather than on the Damascus government ?
There is a counter-argument that is perhaps just as convincing .
Could it be that , since he believed he was finally free of the threat of Western military intervention , he unleashed the full horror of his chemical arsenal as a way of terrifying his enemies into submission and thus hastening the end of the war ?
Or was it not Assad at all , but an anti-Assad faction within his regime that gave the go-ahead for the attack ?
In short , there are too few facts and too many question marks . We need to be absolutely sure of what happened and who was responsible before further military intervention is even contemplated , let alone launched . If not , we risk another Iraq or worse .
John R Bradley is the author of four books on the Middle East .

@summary
There is a terrifying sense of deja vu as another ` Coalition of the Willing ' gears up

@summary
That 's a worst-case interpretation of comments made by US ambassador to UN

@summary
Nikki Haley said that removing President Bashar al-Assad was now a ` priority '

