@title
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions

@body
To the dismay of feminists , Sheryl Sandberg has been quiet about airing her views on President Donald Trump 's actions in his first week in office -- until now .
Facebook 's chief operating officer decried one of Trump 's first executive orders this week , banning American aid to health providers abroad that offer abortion as a family planning option .
The new Trump policy , which was signed into law by dint of a presidential memorandum on Monday , is a reinstatement of an old policy first introduced by President Ronald Reagan back in the 1980s , according to The New York Times .
Sandberg , the author of Lean In , a book about how women can empower themselves in the corporate world , shared the Times article on her Facebook wall with a commentary .
She says Trump 's edict ` could have terrible consequences for women and families around the world . '
' I started my career working at the World Bank on health care in India , ' Sandberg writes .
' I saw firsthand how clinics funded by foreign aid are often the only source of health care for women . When women are given even the most basic health care information and services , they live longer , healthier lives - and they give birth to children who live longer , healthier lives . '
` Comprehensive family planning helps prevent unintended pregnancies , deaths and abortions , ' she wrote .
` This week 's executive order reinstating the global gag rule will make that work much harder . It bans health organizations around the world from providing counseling on all family planning options . '
` If they refuse to abide by the ban , they could lose millions in funding from the United States . And this ban is harsher and broader than past orders by past presidents , because it covers every program that falls under global health assistance . That means it 'll hurt more people . '
Sandberg says that denying women access to contraception led to unwanted pregnancies and thus more abortions .
` The best way to prevent abortion is through more family planning services , not fewer , ' she wrote .
` That 's why I support passage of the Global Health , Empowerment and Rights -LRB- HER -RRB- Act to reverse this order and allow health organizations to freely provide full health advice and services to women . '
` Women 's rights are human rights -- and there is no more basic right than health care . Women around the world deserve our support . '
Sandberg 's post on Thursday was the most overtly political statement she has made in the weeks leading up to Trump 's inauguration last week .
Her social media posts have been decidedly non-controversial and in keeping with her theme of empowering women and saluting inspirational human interest stories .
That did not sit well with Silicon Valley observers who wondered aloud why Sandberg has kept quiet on Trump and why she declined to attend last Saturday 's massive Women 's March .
Sarah Lacy , the founder of a Silicon Valley publication Pando , wrote a critical column about Sandberg , who she says failed to make her voice heard on Trump in recent weeks .
` Since November , I 've heard one phrase uttered over and over by senior women in the Valley : ` Why is n't Sheryl saying anything about this ? ' she wrote .
Sandberg 's position as an executive at Facebook could limit her ability to speak freely on issues , particularly after the social media network was accused of helping elect Trump by allowing the spread of so-called ` fake news . '
' I understand that Sandberg is in a brutal position , but that is the thing about standing up for what 's right , ' Lacy wrote .
` It only means anything when it 's inconvenient . '
But a spokesperson for Sandberg denied that Thursday 's post was a response to the column , according to The Washington Post .
Sandberg ` supported the march but was not able to attend for personal reasons , ' the spokesperson said . ` She wishes she did . '
Sandberg , who once worked for Lawrence Summers when he ran the Treasury Department , endorsed Trump 's opponent in the elections , Hillary Clinton .
She was even rumored to have been under consideration by Clinton for a possible cabinet post if the Democrat had won .

@summary
Sheryl Sandberg was criticized in Silicon Valley for her silence on Donald Trump

@summary
Sandberg did not attend the Women 's March on Saturday

@summary
Lean In author broke her silence Thursday with post slamming Trump for executive order that bars aid to foreign clinics that offer abortions

@summary
She says Trump 's edict ` could have terrible consequences for women and families around the world '

