@title
` She is not my leader ' : Conservative backlash in Serbia as country elects it first lesbian prime minister who promises to boost gay rights as the country pushes for EU membership

@body
Serbia has nominated its first gay prime minister in a move likely to infuriate conservatives in the Balkan state where homophobia is still widespread .
Ana Brnabić , 41 , a graduate of the University of Hull , is also Serbia 's first female PM .
She will join a small number of gay prime ministers in Europe , including Leo Varadkar in the Republic of Ireland and Xavier Bettel in Luxembourg .
Brnabić will succeed Aleksandar Vucic , who won the presidency in April .
Her government needs formal approval by Serbia 's parliament next week .
It was ' a difficult decision reached in the interest of Serbia and its citizens , ' said Vučić , a former extremist-turned-reformist who has promised to boost gay rights as part of the country 's efforts to obtain European Union membership .
Vučić described Brnabić as ` hard-working with professional and personal qualities ' but made no reference to the new prime minister 's sexuality or gender .
Brnabić told state Tanjug news agency : ` If elected in parliament , I will run the government with dedication and responsibility and I will do my job honestly and with love . '

Brnabić nomination is considered part of Vučić 's apparent turn toward the West despite strong pressure from Russia to maintain its influence in the region .
She is currently government minister of public administration and local government . She studied in the US and graduated in Hull with a marketing MBA in 2001 , before returning to Serbia to work in the wind power industry and then for US-funded development projects .
She is not a member of Vučić 's ruling populist Serbian Progressive Party but is considered loyal to him .
In interviews after she became a minister last year , Brnabić expressed the hope that people would look beyond her sexual orientation .
` Why does it matter ? I do n't know why it matters , ' she told the regional RTV channel last week .
` What is important is whether someone is capable , professional , hard-working , honest , likes their country and wants to work in its best interest . '
Her appointment was hailed by rights groups as historic for the staunchly conservative Balkan country .
But it was blasted by pro-Russian nationalists and traditionalists .
` Ana Brnabic is not my prime minister , ' nationalist official Dragan Markovic-Palma told the private Beta news agency .
Earlier he said he would not approve anyone for the post who does not have at least two children .
The conservative Dveri group , close to the Serbian Orthodox Church , said Brnabic was obviously appointed under Western pressure .
` Is it possible that the ruling majority has no other candidate for the prime minister-designate but the one imposed by the West which dictates all the moves by this government ? ' the party asked .
But her appointment was welcomed by campaigners .
Goran Miletić , a civil rights activist and Belgrade Pride organiser , told the Guardian : ` Even in some western countries it would be big news and a positive signal if a gay or lesbian person became prime minister or minister . It is even more important for a country where 65 % believe that homosexuality is an illness and 78 % think that homosexuality should not be expressed outside homes . The appointment of a lesbian can only be a positive message . '
Belgrade 's Gay Pride march was banned for three years in succession on grounds of public safety after far-right protesters attacked the event in 2010 .
It was revived in 2014 amid huge security , including special forces and armoured cars .
Brnabić will take up her role as Serbia gears up for EU membership while keeping its traditionally close relationship with Russia , and nurturing a growing friendship with China .



@summary
Ana Brnabić , 41 , a graduate of the University of Hull , is Serbia 's first gay PM

@summary
She 's also Serbia 's first female prime minister in the conservative country

@summary
Serbia , which wants to join European Union , has been eager to show increased tolerance after coming under pressure to improve protection for minorities

@summary
But the decision was blasted by pro-Russian nationalists and traditionalists

