@title
JOHN HUMPHRYS - who as a boy pocketed pennies taking empty bottles back - launches a campaign to slap a deposit on them

@body
Hard to imagine it in these days of bleak mid-winter but summer will return sooner or later and the days will grow longer and warmer . And then it will start all over again .
It goes something like this . One delightful sunny morning with the temperature just creeping above 20c , you will leave your home for the bus or train or Tube and the warning klaxons will sound :
` Danger ! Be aware ! Dehydration can kill ! You must carry water with you at all times . Why risk it ? Buy a bottle now and keep it with you at all times . It must be produced if requested by water wardens .
` Failure to comply will result in a caution for the first offence followed by a maximum fine of # 100 . This is a public health message ! It is your health at risk ! '
Ludicrous ? Well ... maybe . I added the klaxons for effect plus the bit about wardens and fines , but it 's not so far removed in principle from what already happens . After a day or two of sunshine , the notices start appearing on the walls of London Underground stations .
Occasionally , the voice of officialdom will boom forth from the speakers to warn us that when it gets hot we must -- we absolutely must -- keep re-hydrating .
And even if officialdom does n't get to us , the pressure to comply is there in other ways .
When did you last see a ` celebrity ' venture forth on a sunny day without the obligatory mobile in one hand and bottle of hideously trendy water in the other ?
So , we need to ask what 's going on here , and why this obsession with guzzling water .
Obviously , we need to drink enough fluid every day to meet the body 's needs . The NHS recommends between six and eight glasses of fluid a day -- but note that word ` fluid ' . It does n't have to be water . If you drink lots of tea , you 're already well on the way .
And , anyway , nature devised a cunning plan to remind us when we really need water . It 's called being thirsty . Works every time for me : feel thirsty ... draw a glass of water ... job done .

Except , of course , that this is n't so much about drinking water . It 's about buying water . In bottles . Sometimes big bottles to take home , but mostly little bottles that end up being thrown away . Dumped anywhere and everywhere . Plastic bottles .
Bottled water has become the retail phenomenon of our time . It is estimated that sales in this country have multiplied a hundred-fold in the past 30 years or so , and there is no sign of them slowing down .
Three years ago , # 120 billion worth of bottled water was sold worldwide . In another three years , that figure is expected to reach # 220 billion . In Britain , it 's estimated at # 2.5 billion every year .
My own bottled water epiphany came while I was shooting a film for a BBC programme a few years ago .
The cameraman 's car boot was filled , as you would expect , with camera gear . The producer 's boot was filled with cases of bottled water .
Whenever we arrived at a new location , the PA , the most junior member of the crew , would scurry to the boot , crack open a case of water -LRB- the bottles , obviously , wrapped in indestructible plastic themselves -RRB- and hand me a bottle . Not just me -- every member of the crew .
Most of us would take a quick swig without thinking , put the bottle on the nearest flat surface and , when we 'd finished filming , get into our respective cars and drive off , leaving half a dozen bottles behind .
The whole thing would be repeated at the next location . And so on .
At this stage , I should point out we were filming not in the middle of the Sahara in high summer , the sun beating down on burned skin , our mouths dry and skin shrivelling : it was the east coast of England in mid-winter .
The skies were as grey as a seal 's skin and the wind gusting in from the North Sea made frostbite a rather greater risk than dehydration .
If the PA had been handing out mugs of scalding broth , it might have been a little more welcome . I asked her why she 'd gone to all the trouble and expense of carting bottled water around . Not her fault , she said . Orders from on high . Health and safety , innit ?
Now look , I 'm not some sort of hydrophobic weirdo . I would n't dream of going to bed without a glass by my bedside or setting off on a car journey without a water bottle , which I swig from constantly . In fact , it 's reckoned that sipping water regularly when you 're driving aids concentration and makes you a safer driver .
If I 'm knocking back a few glasses of red , I tend to alternate a sip of wine with a sip of water : it definitely helps reduce the hangover risk . And I 'll probably drink two or three glasses of water while I 'm writing this article .
But I have n't bought a bottle of water for years .
Experts tell us that the water from the tap is at least as pure as you get from a bottle and if there 's a hint of chlorine in the taste -LRB- which there usually is n't -RRB- , an hour in the fridge gets rid of it .
As for the bottle in the car : it 's filled from the tap . And when it becomes a bit grungy , it gets recycled .
The latest figures suggest that nearly half the plastic bottles used in this country are not recycled . In 2015 , we bought well over two billion litres of bottled water -- enough to fill Wembley Stadium twice over .
If you assume most of that came in small bottles , you get some idea of how many end up littering our streets , road verges , and parks and rivers -- estimates put the figure at around 16 million not recycled every day -- eventually to be washed into the sea where they add to the staggering amount of plastic already polluting the water , beaches and ocean floor .
Prince Charles , who is supporting a campaign to stop plastic being dumped in the oceans , says that in only a few years there will be one ton of it for every three tons of fish .
He and many seasoned environmentalists believe the solution is staring us in the face . Every bottle should carry a refundable deposit , and when it 's returned , you get the deposit back .
This is hardly a revolutionary idea . In fact , it was standard practice when I was in short trousers -- not that anyone then could have even imagined buying bottled water . They 'd think you were mad . Why would you spend good money on something that came out of the tap for free !
It was lemonade we craved and that , of course , came in glass bottles , not plastic .
Some of them were particularly highly prized for the little glass ball held in place by a rubber washer and metal spring to keep the fizz in -- a system invented by a British bottle maker way back in Victorian times .
The balls made perfect marbles . They even had a name : Ali Bops , which is probably why kids in South Wales always called marbles ` alleys ' . If we could n't prize them out , the bottle had to be smashed , but that was a pretty desperate measure .
The real point of collecting any spare bottles we found dumped in the street was to take them back to the shop to claim the deposit .
We did n't exactly get rich on it -- for the entirely obvious reason that there were very few to find . Which proved , of course , that the system worked -- even if we did n't have a word for it .
Recycling ? Today it 's a moral obligation . In those post-war years of real tangible austerity , it was a practical necessity . Mothers ` recycled ' old socks by darning the holes . My father ` recycled ' our old shoes by keeping a cobbler 's last in the kitchen and nailing a new piece of leather over the sole .
To this day , I remember the waxy smell of the sealant he melted to rub around the edges .
Milk bottles were recycled because if you did n't leave the empties for the milkman to collect , you could n't expect to get full ones the next morning .
If your bike got a puncture , you did n't buy a new tyre because -LRB- a -RRB- you could n't afford it and -LRB- b -RRB- every boy kept a repair kit with its little sticky patches and tube of glue and knew how to repair the tyre .
Even stale bread got ` recycled ' : my mother was n't the world 's greatest cook , but her bread pudding would surely have been unbeatable on Bake Off . When something broke , we did n't buy a new one : we got the old one fixed .
But that was then and this is now . Could a deposit scheme really work in this disposable age ?
It 's one thing to dump glass and paper in the council 's recycle bins for someone else to pick them up , quite another to go to the effort of holding on to them and going to the trouble of returning them for a measly few pence ?
Well , yes , it could . Indeed there 's evidence that it does .
Several European countries -- including Germany , Sweden and Belgium -- already do it . They reward shoppers who return bottles by refunding the extra cash they paid when they bought them .
In Germany , there is a refundable deposit of about 20p a bottle .
Since the scheme was introduced 14 years ago , the proportion of bottles being recycled has increased from a little over 70 per cent to 98 per cent .
That compares with 57 per cent in this country . Unsurprisingly , there is a pretty steep hurdle to overcome : the manufacturers of bottled drinks are n't exactly punching the air at the idea .
As this newspaper reported on Thursday , an investigation by Greenpeace revealed that an internal report from Coca-Cola Europe included a so-called ` risk matrix ' which outlined issues that could hurt the company 's business . One section , headlined ` Fight Back ' , dealt with bottle deposit schemes .
And in a report two years ago to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , the firm warned that ` if these requirements are implemented on a large scale in any of the major markets in which we operate , they could affect our cost , which could reduce our profitability ' .
But in the end it 's the customers -- those of us who buy the plastic bottles -- who will decide whether this scheme should be introduced and whether it will work .
Can we really be bothered with something that adds another complication to our already complicated lives when there is no immediate benefit to us ?
If you 'd asked me that question relatively recently , I would have said probably not . But something happened a couple of years ago that suggests I was wrong . Once again it had to do with plastic , but this time it was plastic bags .
This newspaper mounted a brilliant campaign demanding that supermarkets should no longer be allowed to give them away free .
The number had been rising at a terrifying rate . By 2014 , it had reached 7.64 billion in England alone : an increase of 200 million in just one year .
And there was no sign of it slowing down . The vast majority were used just once and then dumped .
The effect was devastating -- on our towns and cities , our rural areas and , above all , on the oceans . This was not just an environmental eyesore : it was contributing to the slow death of an incalculable amount of marine life , from great mammals to the tiniest fish who could not help but swallow the lethal , indestructible plastic .
And then , on October 5 , 2015 , every supermarket in England was forced to introduce a charge of 5p for every bag a customer took home -LRB- after a similar scheme had been introduced in Wales -RRB- .
The effect was little short of miraculous . Within six months , the number had fallen by six billion and it is still falling . The curse of the plastic bag has almost been vanquished in this country .
It may not have saved the world , but it 's a big step forward .
You may say that all it proves is what a miserly lot we are -- too tight-fisted to fork out a few pence for a throwaway bag . I do n't believe that for a moment .
I believe the campaign and the irrefutable arguments it produced made us think seriously about something we 'd scarcely given a thought to over the years .
And when we thought ... we acted . We balanced a minor inconvenience against the incalculable prize of a cleaner , safer environment . And the environment won .


@summary
Bottled water has become the retail phenomenon of our time , writes Humphrys

@summary
Sales in this country have multiplied about a hundred-fold in the past 30 years

@summary
Latest figures suggest that nearly half the bottles in this country are not recycled

