@title
How would you like a three-bedroom fully-furnished # 120,000 flat for FREE ? Millionaire who spent childhood sleeping on park benches makes incredible offer

@body
A millionaire who spent his childhood sleeping on park benches is giving away a flat for free .
Marco Robinson , 48 , is offering up the # 120,000 fully-furnished , three-bedroom apartment in Preston , Lancashire , completely mortgage-free .
The lucky winner of the flat will be selected over the course of the next six weeks through a documentary Mr Robinson is making alongside Channel 4 .
He had a troubled start to life and spent his childhood sleeping rough with his mother .
But now a successful businessman , Mr Robinson owns 150 properties around the world and will even stump up cash for the council tax bill for whoever moves into his flat .
The father-of-two said : ' I asked for help and I got it from unlikely people . They helped me believe in myself .
` It 's been hard work , but I 've been successful in business and made a lot of money .
' I started investing profits into property and learned where were the best places to buy .
` Now I want to give something back - to give someone a lucky break like I was given when I was starting out , so that 's why I 'm giving away one of my properties .
` Finding people as candidates is going to be easy , there 's so many . The difficulty will be choosing just one of so many .
` I 've been meeting the local communuity and homeless groups , speaking to shop owners and trying to learn about the situation locally .
` There are massive issues with affordability - people just ca n't afford the deposit anymore .
` People over 30 are still living with their parents and so many more people are now homeless .
` Twenty or thirty years ago it was easy to get a house , but since then the salaries have stayed the same but property prices have rocketted .
` For a # 150,000 house in Preston - and that 's not going to be a massive house - that means a deposit of # 40,000 and if you 're on the minimum wage , how long is it going to take you to save that ? A lot of people will never be able to .
He added : ` The people who I want to see live in this flat are people who need a home , they need a sanctuary and some security , and that will make them feel significant again .
` They need to be in desperate need with nobody helping them get out of the vicious cycle .
` I 'm very confident from then , very quickly people will be able to turn their lives around . '
Mr Robinson said he believes he will have a ` gut feeling ' about who lucky new resident of his flat will be when he meets them .
He said : ' I think I 'll just know , because I 've been there myself .
' I want someone who is willing to make the effort , someone who is hard-working but who has found themselves in deep problems , not someone who 's just going to abuse this situation .
` I 'm not just going to disappear either , I 'll help them acquire an income if necessary and I 'll pay the council tax as long as they need the support .
` It 's not just about the flat , it 's about a life .
' I hope too that I can inspire other people like me - people richer than me - to look at doing something similar .
` People need a break and the council ca n't give you that any more .
` Council houses have disappeared , Help to Buy is hard to get and we need to believe in people again . '


@summary
Marco Robinson , 48 , offering three-bedroom apartment in Preston , Lancashire

@summary
Flat is fully furnished and Mr Robinson is willing to pay resident 's council tax

@summary
Mr Robinson suffered impoverished childhood but now owns 150 properties

@summary
Winner of his flat to be selected over six weeks for Channel 4 documentary

