@title
Dundee take huge gamble in appointing inexperienced Neil McCann as new manager with five games to beat drop

@body
Neil McCann has admitted Dundee have taken a risk by handing him the job of preserving their Premiership status .
A left-field choice to succeed the sacked Paul Hartley , the 42-year-old will step back from his role as a Sky Sports pundit in order to save the skin of the club with which he began his career .
Hired until the end of the season by a Dens Park outfit currently in the relegation play-off spot , McCann insists he is happy to leave all talk of a longer-term deal until the summer .



While the former Scotland winger remains convinced he will do enough in the remaining games to ensure that discussion takes place , he accepts some Dark Blues fans will be surprised at the club overlooking such experienced names in favour of a managerial rookie .
` It 's not a big risk for me -- I think it 's maybe a big risk for the club , ' admitted McCann .
` A lot of guys will think that because I have n't been in a job before . I appreciate the opportunity and I 'm not going into anything lightly . '
Asked about Dundee 's survival chances , McCann insisted : ` I am massively confident . I am not going to kid anyone on and say it is going to be easy because it wo n't .

` The other clubs around us will have that same mentality , but the only thing that matters is when you cross that white line .
` The guys have been close and have n't been able to get that win , but all it takes is one win and then the confidence will rise .
` The squad will then start to take a few more risks because I know what it is like when confidence is down -- you do n't take a risk or try the killer pass . It is my job to bring out the confidence and get us the points to get us away . '
Alan Stubbs , Jim Duffy and Jimmy Calderwood were among the experienced hands linked with the post since Hartley 's exit was confirmed on Monday .
However , McCann believes he does have experience and qualities that can benefit the club in their relegation struggle .
` I 've been doing the job with Sky for a number of years now , ' he continued . ` Most people know the type of person I am and the standards I 've always had in playing , training and , even in my Sky job , the standards I 've tried to keep up .
` I would like to think I will bring those qualities to the football club . Yes , we are in a poor position at the minute , but , equally , we are not far off Kilmarnock in seventh .
` It 's important that we get this squad , which is absolutely good enough , heading in the right direction . '
Asked if he believed he would be the club 's manager when next season gets underway , McCann said : ` I am not really interested in anything beyond that . I am only interested in the games coming up because they are massively important for the club .
` We are a massive club with a huge fan base that I have seen personally as a player and I know what the club has to offer .
` The squad I have now is more than good enough to get away and , with respect to those teams around us , we will be giving absolutely everything .
` It is up to me to come up with tactics and gameplans that will allow us to win games and it will then be up to the players to carry out those instructions . '
Dens managing director John Nelms was adamant McCann was the first choice after the decision was made to terminate Hartley 's contract .
` He 's been in this situation with us before , ' said Nelms . ` He knows loads about the club . At Sky Sports , he often gets better angles than we do at times .
` The passion which Neil has for this organisation , there 's not a better person for the job . There are five games to go and I feel he is going to get us out of what we 've got ourselves into . '

@summary
Paul Hartley was sacked on Monday and has been replaced by Neil McCann

@summary
Dark Blues have plummeted to the play-off spot after seven league losses

@summary
McCann has no experience coaching except short spell with Dunfermline

