@title
` Australia is the next gold mine ' : Billionaire founder of ` Chinese eBay ' Jack Ma opens Alibaba 's new headquarters in Melbourne

@body
The founder of Alibaba and China 's second richest man has labelled Australia as a ` gold mine ' for its soil and fresh air .
Jack Ma is no stranger to finding the next big thing and at the opening of his Alibaba branch in Melbourne he said Australia 's environment was ` unique ' .
` Australia is a gold mine . The next gold mine , ' Mr Ma said in Melbourne at the launch of his Australian branch .
` The clean water , the soil and the air , this is what you have , the most unique asset . '
New Zealand air farmers currently use Alibaba to sell aerosol cans of fresh air for up to $ 25 to Chinese consumers , according to The Advertiser .
The air pollution in China is currently so severe that a blanket of smog the size of Victoria covered Beijing at the end of 2016 .
The demand for bottled air has sky-rocketed with a Canadian start-up launching its online product and selling it for 100 Yuan - 33 more times expensive than a bottle of water .
Leo De Watts , 27 , from Britain sells his bottles of air for $ 115 per jar and said he often has very specific requests for orders .
` Quite often a lot of our orders are bespoke - we have clients who request very particular circumstances for their air , ' he explains in a video for his company .
With air pollution at a critical level in China , experts see Australia taking advantage of the lucrative market and selling air from the Blue Mountains , Bondi Beach and Yarra Valley .
Green and Clean company director John Dickinson said the consumption of fresh air is suppose to clean their lungs .
' A lot of people see the product as a supplement to clean their lungs out with fresh Australian air , ' he said .
Alibaba - the world 's largest retailer since 1999 - has opened up the opportunity for small businesses in Australia to sell their products to China .

@summary
The world 's biggest online retailer Alibaba opened its first branch in Melbourne

@summary
Billionaire Jack Ma founder of Alibaba called Australia a ` gold mine '

@summary
He said selling the fresh water , air and soil is a lucrative market in China

