@title
Marcus Rashford nets the winner just moments after Jose Mourinho kisses mystery piece of paper as Manchester United beat Anderlecht at Old Trafford

@body
Jose Mourinho experienced one of his more memorable nights on the touchline as Manchester United edged past Anderlecht in the Europa League .
Marcus Rashford scored the winning goal in extra-time as the Red Devils booked their place in the last four with a 2-1 win at Old Trafford , but only after Mourinho was seen kissing a piece of paper as the two sides kicked off for the final period of extra-time .
The Portuguese was seen reaching into his pocket and pulling out the note after delivering his final team-talk at the halfway stage of the extra 30 minutes .
Whether it was a new set of tactics or merely a good luck charm - it worked , as Rashford swept home the winning goal just minutes after the restart .
All seemed to be going smoothly for Mourinho when Henrikh Mkhitaryan fired the hosts ahead after just 10 minutes .
Anderlecht refused to lie down , however , and deservedly equalised midway through the first-half when Sofiane Hanni turned the ball home after Youri Tielemans had struck the bar with a deflected effort .
That goal seemed to rattle the hosts and both Mourinho and United appeared to lose their composure for a brief period .
Lucasz Teodorczyk came close to adding a second for the visitors after rounding Sergio Romero , while Mourinho almost took an embarrassing tumble on the touchline while protesting a decision by referee Alberto Mallenco .
The Portuguese just managed to catch his balance before he was about to hit the turf as the Red Devils regained control of possession and the match .
Rashford , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Paul Pogba were all guilty of missing clear-cut chances as the game headed towards extra-time .
United continued to dominate in the first additional 15 minutes but were unable to find a way past their stubborn opponents , who seemed determined to hold on for penalties , until Rashford 's - and Mourinho 's - notable intervention .
Mourinho could need even more luck against Burnley at the weekend if he is without star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
The Swedish front man landed awkwardly in the closing stages of regulation time and is now a major doubt for the match at Turf Moor , as well as the remainder of the season .

@summary
Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the last four of the Europa League

@summary
Jose Mourinho experienced an eventful evening at Old Trafford on Thursday

@summary
The Portuguese almost fell over while protesting a decision during the match

@summary
He then kissed a piece of paper moments before Marcus Rashford 's late winner

