@title
EXCLUSIVE ` He likes me in a tracksuit ' : Sam Faiers says boyfriend Paul advises her on her fashion choices ... as pregnant sister Billie says fiancé Greg ` would n't dare ' tell her what to wear

@body
She 's a dedicated follower of fashion - but Sam Faiers has revealed she gets a little help from her boyfriend Paul Knightley when it comes to clothing choices .
In an interview with MailOnline alongside her sister Billie , Sam , 26 , said : ` Paul loves fashion and he 'll send me pictures of women 's clothes and say , `` I like this '' . '
When asked if her beau was like Kanye West when he styles Kim Kardashian , Sam added : ` He really likes me in casual clothes , like a tracksuit . He 's not as bad -LSB- as Kanye -RSB- . '
Scroll down for video
Billie , 27 , said : ` We are both quite casual in the day . I am pregnant at the moment so I am wearing a different styles .
` Both our boyfriends love it when we are sexy . I still try to be quite glam and Greg -LSB- Shepherd -RSB- calls me `` Sexy mamma '' when I dress up .
` Greg is the opposite to Paul . He would never send me pictures because he just would n't know what to suggest .
` He compliments me and he would n't dare say I should n't wear something . '
Billie got engaged to Greg in 2014 and they are expecting a brother for Nellie , two in four weeks time .
` It 's gone so quickly , ' she said . ' I will be resting for the next two weeks , but when you already have a toddler , you 're always on the go . '
Sam has made no secret of her desire to tie the knot with Paul , they have a son called Paul Tony , aged one - but will she or Billie walk down the aisle first ?
` Well Billie is engaged , so probably her ... ' said Sam .
` But you never know ... ' interjected Billie . ` We would never consider a joint wedding though as we would n't want to steal each other 's thunder . '
Sam revealed plans to move to LA with her partner and son during the final episode of The Mummy Diaries , upsetting her family , but she says they 're fine about it now .
` We 're going there for a little holiday in a couple of weeks , but that 's all it is , she said .
` We just want to see how we get on there . Our families have got used to the idea now and have been supportive .
` They thought we were just packing up and going but that 's not the case . '
But no matter what happens , Sam says she and Billie will remain as close as ever .
` If we do move , we will visit one another all the time , ' she said . Wee 've always been the best of friends . But since we 've become mothers , we 've had even more in common .
` Our children are so close as well and we love seeing their little personalities together . They go to baby ballet . '
In the meantime , the girls are busy with their new beauty line .
Billie said : ' I am loving the lip balm as it 's a winter make-up necessity and the eyelashes , they are an Essex girl 's essential . '
Sam continued : ' I like the hand cream and the scrub . They 're perfect for a pampering night in . '




@summary
The sisters are launching a fragrance and beauty line for Minnie 's Boutique

