@title
Toddler , 1 , is found dead after being left inside his father 's truck in the parking lot outside his office

@body
A toddler has died in yet another case of being left alone in a hot car .
One-year-old Christian Evan Sanders died Friday in Birmingham , Alabama , after a 911 caller reported that the boy was unresponsive after being left alone in a car .
Police say Christian 's father , an employee at healthcare services firm NaphCare , left the boy inside his red Ford F-150 in the office building 's rear parking lot .
First responders rushed to the office building at 4.38 pm and found Christian in cardiac arrest , Vestavia Hills police captain Brian Gilham told AL.com .
An ambulance rushed the boy to the hospital with a police escort . The boy 's father accompanied him to the airport , police said .
The ambulance arrived at 4.53 pm and Christian was pronounced dead at 5.06 pm , authorities said .
The cause of death has not been determined pending a toxicology screen , and no charges or arrests have yet been made in the death investigation .
NaphCare provides healthcare services and electronic records management for local , state and federal prison inmates , according to the company 's website .
Christian 's father is believed to be a software developer at the company .
It 's unclear whether or not the father was the one who called 911 and police have refused to comment on whether he accidentally forgot his child .
The high temperature in Birmingham on Friday was just 68 degrees Fahrenheit , according to AccuWeather , but temperatures inside cars can quickly skyrocket in direct sunlight .
Police captain Gilham said the scene was a difficult one for responders .
` When you 're dealing with a child , it makes it very difficult , ' Gilham said . ` I 'm a father , many of our officers are parents , and our hearts go out to the family . '


@summary
One-year-old Christian Evan Sanders died Friday in Birmingham , Alabama

@summary
Police responded to a 911 call that the boy was unresponsive after being left in a truck

@summary
Father left boy inside his F-150 in the parking lot outside the healthcare company where he works

@summary
No charges yet as police investigate toddler 's tragic death

