@title
Omarosa is ` taken from the White House to a Maryland hospital to have her leg placed in a new walking boot ' after injuring it last month

@body
Omarosa Manigault was reportedly taken to a local hospital in Maryland on Friday to treat an injured leg .
The 42-year-old , who was appointed as the Assistant to the President and Director of Communications for the Office of the Public Liaison , was injured last month , according to TMZ .
She was reportedly driven from the White House in a government vehicle to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland .
It 's unclear if she has a broken bone , but apparently her leg was placed in a new walking boot .


She was seen walking down the stairs after attending church service at St John 's Episcopal Church in Washington on January 20 , wearing the orthopedic boot with a high heel on the other foot .
Manigault accompanied President Donald Trump on Thursday to a National African American History Month ` listening session ' .
The session was attended by African-American leaders , including Ben Carson , Trump 's nominee to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development - his sole black Cabinet pick .
Leaders from the NAACP and the National Urban League were not in attendance .
Neither was Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Cedric Richmond . The Louisiana Democrat said the meeting was a political stunt .
Manigault , who gained national fame for being a combative contestant on the reality show The Apprentice , was appointed her role in the White House last month .
Her appointment came as little surprise to those who have followed the career of the one-time Apprentice villain , as she has been a long-time vocal supporter of Trump , and even helped in his transition team .
Manigault 's position as one of Trump 's most prominent African-American supporters during the campaign drew stark criticism .
She has said in the past that she stayed close to Trump over the years and served as his campaign 's director of African-American outreach after her role on the Apprentice .
This is Manigault 's second season at the White House . She worked in the office of Vice President Al Gore during the Clinton administration .


@summary
Omarosa Manigault was reportedly taken to a local hospital in Maryland today

@summary
She was driven from White House to hospital to have leg placed in walking boot

@summary
The Assistant to the President was injured last month , according to TMZ

