@title
Claudio Ranieri almost signed Jordy Clasie instead of N'Golo Kante when he was Leicester boss

@body
Leicester 's fairytale Premier League triumph could have proved so very different if Claudio Ranieri had made one drastically different decision in the transfer market .
Appearing on Monday Night Football , the Italian revealed he was presented with two midfield options when it became clear Esteban Cambiasso was leaving .
N'Golo Kante almost did n't join the league champions in the summer of 2015 , with Ranieri admitting the Foxes almost made a move for Dutch midfielder Jordy Clasie instead .
He said : ` At the beginning we were looking for another international player to put there . We lost Cambiasso , he was main man in the middle . I tried to keep him , but he wanted to go away .
` We wanted an international player , but this player did n't choose Leicester , another club . We had Kante and Clasie , and I said `` Ok take Kante '' . I like Kante . For me is OK , I watch him two or three times . '
Clasie instead made the move to Southampton that summer , and in a 1-0 win at West Brom on Saturday finally broke his Premier League drought for the club .
Ranieri moved for Kante , and the rest is history , with Kante inspirational in Leicester 's 2015-16 miracle and closing in on a repeat trick with Chelsea this season .
Appearances : 67
Goals : 2
Wins : 46
Defeats : 7
Passes per match : 49.09
Tackle success % : 70
Appearances : 37
Goals : 1
Wins : 21
Defeats : 11
Passes per match : 35.92
Tackle success % : 78

All statistics Premier League only
And the 65-year-old clearly remains a fan , despite losing him to Antonio Conte 's champions elect last summer .
` For us he was best midfielder in the world ' , he insisted .

This man is a very serious man . He is born for football , born to be serious . If you give him something , he makes the maximum . Always laughing , never says nothing . '

@summary
Claudio Ranieri signed N'Golo Kante when he was Leicester boss in 2015

@summary
Midfielder proved integral in Leicester 's astonishing Premier League triumph

@summary
Italian admits he had a choice to sign either Kante or Dutchman Jordy Clasie

@summary
READ : Ranieri opens up for the first time since being sacked by Leicester

@summary
READ : Ranieri denies player power forced him out at the King Power stadium

