@title
McCanns ' Portuguese lawyer slams theory that the couple were involved in Madeleine 's disappearance as ` unfounded and absurd '

@body
Gerry and Kate McCann 's Portuguese lawyer has described the idea that the couple had anything to do with the disappearance of their missing daughter Madeleine as ` unfounded and absurd . '

Rogerio Alves , who has traditionally assisted the McCanns as their criminal lawyer while they used Isabel Duarte for their separate libel battle against former police chief Goncalo Amaral , weighed in to support the couple .
Claiming they had been demonised in ` industrial doses ' and describing them as ` human beings experiencing deep suffering ' , he insisted the idea that the missing youngster had been snatched made more sense .
He told a Portuguese interviewer : ` As no sign of a homicide , a suicide , her being run over , a drowning , or anything else that could also be plausible has been found , the theory of an abduction is the one that makes most sense . '
In spite of repeated shows of support by Scotland Yard and the McCanns ' own insistence they had nothing to do with Madeleine 's disappearance , they still face detractors nearly a decade on who have shown backing for Amaral 's controversial claim Madeleine died in their holiday flat and they covered it up by faking her abduction .
Others have directed their anger against suffering Gerry and Kate , from Rothley , Leicestershire , by claiming they should have been prosecuted for leaving Madeleine and her siblings Sean and Amelie alone while they ate tapas nearby .
Lisbon-based Mr Alves said blaming the couple made no sense whatsoever and was the result of ignorant people who were just as likely to blame the disappearance on Superman or UFOs .

He insisted the idea that the McCanns had friends in powerful places , spouted by the likes of former chief investigator Goncalo Amaral who has bizarrely claimed MI5 hid her body and even former PM Gordon Brown was involved in the cover-up , was ` fantasy . '
Reflecting on the early years of the Madeleine case , before Scotland Yard and Portuguese police made more effort to insist they were singing from the same hymn sheet , he said : ` One of the most damaging things that most harmed the case was the permanent creation of tensions between the British and Portuguese police and states . '
Scotland Yard chief Mark Rowley confirmed last week that Madeleine 's parents - who had their ` arguido ' -LRB- suspect -RRB- status removed in July 2008 when the original Portuguese police probe was archived - were no longer seen as possible suspects .
He said : ` The parents ' involvement was dealt with at the time by the original investigation by the Portuguese .
` We 're happy that 's completely dealt with and there is no reason whatsoever to re-open that or start rumours that 's a line of investigation . '
Kate and Gerry still believe their daughter will return and vow to do ` whatever it takes ' to keep the search alive
Sometime over the next fortnight , Kate McCann will go shopping for a 14th birthday present for her missing daughter Madeleine .
Her unfailing belief that Madeleine might be found alive finds expression in many deeds , but this intensely poignant expedition , endured every year , stands alone .
Kate , 49 , says : ' I obviously have to think about what age she is and -LSB- choose -RSB- something that , whenever we find her , will still be appropriate . There 's a lot of thought that goes into it . But I could n't not ... she 's still our daughter , she 'll always be our daughter . '
Scroll down for video
Whatever Kate chooses will be carefully wrapped and added to the other birthday and Christmas gifts accumulating behind the closed door of her daughter 's bedroom at the family home in Rothley , Leicestershire .
On Wednesday it will be exactly ten years since Madeleine , then aged three , vanished without trace from a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz , Portugal .
In an interview to mark the anniversary -- a ` horrible marker of time ' -- Kate and her husband Gerry spoke of doing ` whatever it takes for as long as it takes ' to find her , and of how their hope of being reunited with Madeleine burns as strong as it did a decade ago . At times , particularly when recalling poignant moments , pain registers across the faces of the couple -- a reminder of their anguished demeanour when they faced TV cameras in the aftermath of Madeleine 's disappearance .
But overall they seem more composed , perhaps more accepting of their situation .
Occasionally , when contemplating a reunion with their daughter , Kate 's face -- framed by a new hairstyle -- breaks into a smile .
Kate says the decade they have lost , however , ` feels stolen ' . It was , she adds , ` time we should have had with Madeleine . We should have been a family of five for all that time ' .
Noticeably less tense , the couple also discuss how their lives have acquired a ` new normality ' in which they no longer spend every waking hour engaged in some aspect of the search .
Following Madeleine 's disappearance , Kate , a former GP , did n't want to let her twins , Sean and Amelie -- now aged 12 -- ` out of my sight ' . But she reveals that she has finally taken the ` big step ' to return to work -- ` back in medicine but in a different area to my general practice ' .
She says : ` Ultimately you have to keep going -- and especially when you have got other children involved . Some of that is subconscious , I think -- your mind and body just take over to a certain extent .
` But if you ca n't change something immediately , you have to go with it and do the best that you can . And I think that 's what we have tried to do ... one of our goals , obviously ultimately finding Madeleine , was to ensure that Sean and Amelie have a very normal , happy and fulfilling life , and we 'll do everything that we can to ensure that . '

The prime suspect in the case of Madeline McCann 's disappearance is a woman , sources close to Scotland Yard have revealed .
The source says the woman was spotted near the Algarve apartments she was staying in on the night that she disappeared .
Police have allegedly been searching for her for months and described her whereabouts as ' a significant line of inquiry ' .
The source told The Sunday Express , the source said : ` Detectives have scoured Europe looking for this woman who is thought to be the key to solving the entire case . '
The news comes as Maleleine 's father , Gerry McCann , revealed that he clings to the expert view that her age at the time she was allegedly kidnapped makes it less likely that whoever took her intended to kill her .
Speaking as the 10th anniversary of her disappearance approaches , he highlighted the expert opinion that ` the younger that at the time a child is taken , the more likely they 've been taken to be kept ' .

Gerry , 48 , a cardiologist , says : ` At some point you 've got to realise that time is not frozen , and I think both of us realise that we owed it to the twins to make sure that their life is as fulfilling as they deserve . '
Now that the twins are beginning to use the internet , the couple have had to warn them about the ` distressing ' comments about Madeleine posted online .
And occasionally they allow themselves to imagine how they would react to seeing Madeleine again . ' I try not to go there too often , to be honest -- it 's one of those real bittersweet kind of thoughts , ' says Kate .
` Ten years is a long time , but ultimately we 're mum and dad , she 's our daughter , she 's got a brother and sister , grandparents and lots of family and friends . So it would be absolutely fine , it would be ... beyond words , really . '
Her husband talks of how the decision five years ago by the Metropolitan Police to investigate the case took the pressure off them as a family .
` After the initial Portuguese investigation closed , essentially , no one else was actually doing anything proactively to try to find Madeleine , ' says Gerry .
` Every parent could understand that what you want , and what we have aspired to , is to have all reasonable lines of inquiry followed to a logical conclusion . '
The couple have been buoyed by the advances made by Met detectives , though they decline to share details of the investigation .
Kate says : ` My hope for Madeleine being out there is no less than it was almost ten years ago . I mean , apart from those first 48 hours , nothing has actually changed since then . I think the difficult thing has always been how will we find her , because you 're relying on the police doing everything they can , and you 're relying on somebody with information coming forward . '
Echoing her sentiments , Gerry says it was ` devastating ' not to have found Madeleine but adds : ` We are still looking forward , I think that 's the most important thing -- we still hope . ' He says he clings to the view of experts that ` the younger that at the time a child is taken , the more likely they 've been taken to be kept ' .
There have been many ` unbelievable ' cases , he says , in which victims have been held for years .
` You think , ` How could that have happened ? ' and that is probably what is going to happen with Madeleine 's case as well , that people will go , ` That 's incredible , how did that happen ? ' ' Every possible theory has been investigated : that Madeleine was abducted by a paedophile or child traffickers , that she was killed during a bungled burglary or that she simply wandered out of the apartment and died in an accident .
But despite being the subject of one of the biggest missing person investigations of all time , no trace of the little girl , who was about to turn four , has ever been found . There have been innumerable leads and countless false sightings , and the McCanns ' press spokesman Clarence Mitchell revealed yesterday there were times when the couple genuinely believed they were close to finding Madeleine .
The McCanns said they had been as open as they could be with their 12-year-old twins about distressing comments posted online .
Cardiologist Gerry McCann told the BBC : ' I do n't want to dwell on the negative aspects too long , but I think in this era of ` fake news ' it is extremely topical and I think people just need to think twice before what they write . '
Describing how he protects the twins from the issue , Mr McCann added : ` We have been as open with them as we can .
` We have told them about things and that people are writing things that are simply just untrue and they need to be aware of that . '
The couple also commented on the impact of social media criticism of them , urging people to think twice before posting hurtful comments .
Mr McCann said of online abuse directed at the family : ` I 'm sure it is a very small minority of people who spend their time doing it , but it has totally inhibited what we do .
` Personally , we do n't use social media , although we have used it in Madeleine 's campaign .
` But for our twins who are growing up in an era where mobile technology is used all the time , we do n't want them not to be able to use it in the same way that their peers do . '
But Mr McCann stressed : ' I think we 've seen the worst and the best of human nature . And our personal experience , rather than on the internet , has been overwhelmingly seeing the better side of human nature .
` And I think we need to remember that , actually . We 've had fantastic support over the last 10 years . And because there 's a lot of media attention now around the 10th anniversary , we are starting to see that again . '

On one occasion , in 2007 , after reports that a blonde-haired , English-speaking girl was living in a village in Morocco , he said an ` aircraft was put on standby , with its engines running , waiting to pick her up ' .
During their interview the couple also speak of life before Madeleine disappeared , when they felt they had ` managed to achieve our little perfect nuclear family of five ' .
Gerry says : ` We had that for a short period ... then your vision is altered and you have to adapt . And unfortunately for us , a new normality is a family of four . '
The couple dismiss criticism of the # 11 million cost of the Met 's inquiry as ` unfair ' .
Gerry says : ' I know it 's a single missing child , but there are millions of British tourists that go to the Algarve , year-on-year , and essentially you 've got a British subject who was the subject of a crime .
` There were other crimes that came to light following Madeleine 's abduction that involved British tourists , so I think prosecuting it -LSB- the investigation -RSB- to a reasonable end is what you would expect . '
And his wife adds : ' I used to feel really embarrassed when people used to say about the amount of money , but then you realise that other big cases , like Stephen Lawrence , cost a huge amount of money .
' I guess the one thing , because you always do feel guilty as the parent of a missing child , is that other families have n't had the publicity and the money .
` The positive is that it has brought the whole issue of missing children to the forefront and I think people have benefited in different ways . '
The McCanns also vowed to continue a legal battle against former detective Goncalo Amaral , who wrote a widely discredited book alleging Madeleine died as a result of an accident and her death had been covered up by her parents .
Asked how they will mark the anniversary itself , Kate says : ' I think it 's just that number , that ten-year mark , which makes it more significant -- that is a reminder of how much time has gone by and obviously ten 's a big number .
' I think we 'll get by as we have any other year , really -- we 'll be surrounded by family and friends , you know . Obviously we 'll be there remembering Madeleine , as we always have . '
Madeleine 's father says it is ` unfair ' to criticise the amount of money spent on the # 11million investigation , while her mother admits she feels ` guilty ' that other parents are not so lucky .

Gerry McCann said anyone whose child had been abducted while on holiday abroad would think it ` reasonable ' everything that could be done to find their loved one was being done .
Last month the Home Office confirmed # 85,000 was being given to the UK-based Metropolitan Police inquiry to cover operational costs from April to September .
In all , more than # 11 million has been spent on the inquiry so far .
During an interview marking the 10th anniversary of Madeleine 's disappearance from her Portuguese holiday apartment , Mr McCann said it was right to bring resources to bear to investigate criminal acts against Britons abroad .
He said : ' I think some of that criticism is really quite unfair actually , because I know it 's a single missing child , but there are millions of British tourists that go to the Algarve , year-on-year , and essentially you 've got a British subject who was the subject of a crime .
` There were other crimes that came to light following Madeleine 's abduction , that involved British tourists , so I think prosecuting it -LRB- the investigation -RRB- to a reasonable end is what you would expect . '
He added : ` Others within law enforcement have made it very clear , this type of stranger abduction is exceptionally rare actually and we need to put it into perspective and it 's partly why Madeleine 's case is attracting so much attention , thrown in with many other ingredients , but this type of abduction is exceptionally rare . '
Kate added : ' I used to feel really embarrassed when people used to say about the amount of money , but then you realise that other big cases , like Stephen Lawrence , cost a huge amount of money .
' I guess the one thing , because you always do feel guilty as the parent of a missing child , is that other families have n't had the publicity and the money .
` The positive is that it has brought the whole issue of missing children to the forefront and I think people have benefited in different ways . '
Around 30 British detectives were working on the UK side of the investigation into Madeleine 's disappearance , known as Operation Grange , when it was established in 2011 .
The team has now been scaled back to four detectives .
Officers have sifted through some 40,000 documents and looked at more than 600 individuals since 2011 .
Madeleine McCann 's father has vowed to continue the court battle against the Portuguese detective who claimed Madeleine 's parents covered up her death .
Goncalo Amaral , 57 , claimed in his book The Truth Of The Lie that Madeleine died at the McCann 's holiday house in Praia da Luz and Kate and Gerry covered it up .
The McCanns won a libel case against Amaral in 2015 , and he was ordered to pay them 250,000 euros -LRB- # 209,000 -RRB- each in damages .
But this was overturned on appeal and that decision upheld in another court this April , meaning Amaral is now able to sue the McCanns for damages potentially totalling tens of thousands of pounds .

During the interview conducted ahead of Wednesday 's 10th anniversary of Madeleine 's disappearance , BBC presenter Fiona Bruce asked the McCanns : ` One of the police officers in Portugal has been a thorn in your side for many years , he was thrown off the investigation but then he wrote a book ... and you fought it through the courts .
` At the moment you 've lost and he 's won . Is this the end for you now , are you going to continue to fight him ? '
Mr McCann replied : ' I think the short answer is we have to because the last judgment I think is terrible .
' I think it 's also important to say that when we lodged the action was eight years ago , and the circumstances were very different , where we felt there was real damage being done to the search for Madeleine at that time , particularly in Portugal . '
Mr McCann added that it was important to challenge Mr Amaral in the European courts on behalf of the wider family , including his children .
Agreeing that Mr Amaral 's claims needed to be challenged , Mrs McCann said : ' I find it all incomprehensible to be honest
` It has been very upsetting , and it has caused a lot of frustration and anger which is a real negative emotion . '
Investigators hunting for Madeleine McCann were so convinced they had found her that a plane had its engine running in preparation to collect the missing girl .
It is one of two heartbreakingly near-misses in the first 12 months after her 2007 disappearance that her parents had to endure , their media spokesman has revealed .
Clarence Mitchell , who has been heavily involved throughout the last decade , told how a blonde , English-speaking girl was located in Morocco , with other details leading detectives to a near-certain assumption it was Madeleine .
Writing in the Telegraph , he said : ` All the information coming back to us suggested heavily that it could be Madeleine , so much so that an aircraft was put on stand-by , with its engines running , waiting to fly to pick her up .
The private jet put on standby with the engine running to pick up the young girl detectives thought was Madeleine was funded by double-glazing multi-millionaire Brian Kennedy .
Father-of-five Kennedy , who made # 63million by selling Everest in 2003 , did not know the couple but agreed to cover the costs of ` Team McCann ' because he was touched by their plight .
He paid for the plane after an English-speaking girl matching Madeleine description was found in Morocco 12 months after her disappearance .
Kennedy , the former owner of English Premiership rugby team Sale Sharks , and his son had vowed to do ` whatever we can ' for the family , which also involved covering legal fees for the family , The Sun reports .
` Kate and Gerry sat tight . They had learned by that stage to be sceptical , not to give in to natural hope only for it to be dashed . They preferred to wait until the Moroccan authorities had checked it out . And when they did , it became clear she was not Madeleine . '
The other incident came a few months previously , when Mr Mitchell continuously received phone calls at 3am revealing that Madeleine was at a farm , which matched a very distinct description , but again turned out to be a false lead .
Mr Mitchell had been working with the McCanns full-time after initially serving as an adviser to them while working at the Foreign Office .
The former BBC journalist previously covered Princess Diana 's death as a royal correspondent and stood as the Conservative parliamentary candidate for Brighton .
He set up his own communications consultancy last year and continues to work with the McCanns .
Madeleine vanished from the family 's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz in Portugal on May 3 , 2007 , when she was three years old -- with her mother Kate saying the 10th anniversary is a ` horrible marker of time , stolen time ' .
But former Scotland Yard detective chief inspector Mick Neville has revealed that Facebook 's cutting-edge facial recognition software could help find Madeleine , who would now be 14 years old .
When Facebook users upload an image the social media platform maps facial features and ` recognises ' other users - making tagging easier .
Mr Neville , a forensics expert , believes the state of the art technology could be used to trace Madeleine because of a distinctive blemish in her right eye .
Earlier this week British detectives working on the Madeleine McCann case said they are still pursuing ` critical ' leads as the 10th anniversary of her disappearance approaches .
Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said there are ` significant investigative avenues ' that are of ` great interest ' to both the UK and Portuguese teams .
Officers have sifted through some 40,000 documents and looked at more than 600 individuals since 2011 with Mr Rowley confirming that four people considered as possible suspects in 2013 have been ruled out .
Kate and her husband Gerry McCann , of Rothley , Leicestershire , have always vowed to never give up hope of finding their daughter .
Asked if police were any closer to solving the case than they were six years ago when the UK investigation was launched , Mr Rowley said : ' I know we have a significant line of inquiry which is worth pursuing , and because it 's worth pursuing it could provide an answer , but until we 've gone through it I wo n't know whether we are going to get there or not .
` Ourselves and the Portuguese are doing a critical piece of work and we do n't want to spoil it by putting titbits of information out publicly . '


Mr Rowley said they are no longer the subject of further investigation and have been ruled out of the inquiry . Meanwhile , police working on the case continue to receive information on a daily basis .
He described the possibility of a ` burglary gone wrong ' as a ` sensible hypothesis ' which has not been ` entirely ruled out ' .
The senior officer was asked about the theory of a sex predator being responsible for Madeleine 's disappearance .
Mr Rowley said : ` That 's been one key line of inquiry . The reality is in the modern world in any urban area if you cast your net widely you will find a whole pattern of offences .
` You will find sex offenders who live nearby . And those coincidences need to be sifted out , what 's a coincidence and what may be linked to the investigation that you are currently doing .
` Offences which may be linked have to be looked at and either ruled in or ruled out . '
Mr Rowley said there was still a ` lot unknown ' in the case , adding : ` All the different hypotheses have to remain open . '
Nearly ten years has passed since three-year-old Madeline McCann went missing while on holiday with her family in Portugal .
As officers still trying to piece together the events surrounding her disappearance , detectives will be constantly reminding themselves of what happened that night .
She was reported missing at 10.14 pm on May 3 2007 , which makes the three hours from 8.30 pm and 11.30 pm a crucial window in the investigation .
Looking back at the evening that sparked a ten-year , # 11million probe , we look at what happened on the last night Madeleine was seen .
8.30 pm -- The McCanns go for dinner
Kate read a bedtime story to Madeleine and her younger twin sisters Sean and Amelie at their apartment in the Ocean Club complex in Praia Da Luz , before the couple went to dinner 100 yards away with friends .
They joined friends Matt and Rachel Oldfield , Jane Tanner and Russell O'Brien , for a Spanish meal within the complex , and they had all left their children in their apartments . Mr O'Brien left to check on his children just before nine , and three more friends joined shortly afterwards , David and Fiona Payne and Dianne Webster . The group became known as the Tapas Nine as the investigation into Madeleine 's disappearance gripped the world . The group went to dinner in the same place every night and checked on the children every half an hour .
Gerry McCann left to check on the children at around 9.05 pm , saw them asleep in their beds and cots , left the door ajar and returned to the bar .
Jane Tanner left around ten minutes later and made a sighting that seemed innocuous at the time but went on to dominate police inquiries for years . Police thought the child in light pink pyjamas -- similar to Madeleine 's -- being carried by a man with long hair could be crucial , but in 2013 Scotland Yard finally ruled it out as a piece of evidence , revealing that it was ` almost certain ' that the man was an unconnected British tourist .
Mr Oldfield went to check on the McCann 's and his own children at 9.30 pm . He listened at the McCann children 's door to see if they were making any noise but did not go into the room . Mr Oldfield 's failure to check inside the bedroom may have cost vital time in the search for the little girl . Kate went up to check half an hour later and found that Madeleine was missing . None of the McCanns ' friends have ever spoken about the events that took place that night .
10pm -- Madeleine is missing
Kate McCann said the draft slammed the door shut as she went into the room , and she noticed that Madeleine was missing when she opened it . Shocked to discover she was n't in her own bed , at first she wondered if her daughter had got into her parents ' bed . She told Crimewatch in 2014 that she then saw the window up and the shutters open . Witnesses then recalled her running back down the restaurant , saying ` They 've taken her , they 've taken her ' . The couple said that they knew she was missing because her favourite teddy bear , a Cuddle Cat teddy that she took everywhere , remained on the bed . The McCann 's then began desperately searching the complex , according to a nanny who looked after Madeleine several times on holiday . She described Kate as ` crying ' and ` almost catatonic ' . The group were even asked to check bins to see if her body was inside , she recalled .
10.14 -- Police are called
The ten-year police investigation began at 10.14 pm , and there were mistakes made from the outset . Reports from witnesses vary but most say it took officers more than an hour to arrive . There was more than an hour of questioning through the local Policia Judiciaria translator , but the area was not treated as a crime scene . Around 20 people were allowed to wander in and out freely inside what one former officer later dubbed the ` worst preserved crime scene ' he had ever seen . Roadblocks were not installed until nearly 12 hours after she was reported missing . Spanish border controls were not informed until the next morning , giving a potential kidnapper more than enough time to flee the country . The border is just three hours away .
Linked with the mystery is 44-year-old Robert Murat , the British ex-pat businessman who acted as a translator for Portuguese police in the early days of their investigation before being made an ` arguido ' -- an official police suspect -- less than two weeks later .

@summary
Rogerio Alves has traditionally assisted the McCanns as their criminal lawyer

@summary
He said today that the couple had nothing to do with Madeleine 's disappearance

@summary
Kate said she still painstakingly chooses and buys birthday presents every year

@summary
They are now ` looking forward ' for the sake of twins Sean and Amelie , now 12

