@title
Trump 's approval sits at 48 percent -- down a point but still higher than his popular-vote total in November

@body
In the last month , President Trump 's approval rating sank a point -- and the president has lost female support -- though he 's still faring better than the 45.9 percent he received on election night .
A new Harvard-Harris Survey , first given to the Hill newspaper , shows Trump 's approval rating sitting at 48 percent .
Last month , respondents to the Harvard-Harris poll gave him a 49 percent approval rating , higher than most other surveys .
Scroll down for video
The current Real Clear Politics average puts Trump at 42.5 percent .
This month , the Harvard-Harris found that 22 percent strongly approve of the job Trump is doing , while 26 percent somewhat disapprove . Another 15 percent somewhat disapprove , while the biggest chunk of registered voters , 37 percent , strongly disapprove of the job Trump has done .
The poll also found that Trump 's approval rating is suffering from an ever-widening gender gap .
For example , among registered female registered voters Trump 's approval rating slid from 44 percent in February to 41 percent in April , while 59 percent of female registered voters now say they disapprove of the job Trump has done .
On the favorability scale , women again hurt Trump 's numbers .
While 44 percent of voters overall have a positive view of the president , 38 percent of women view Trump favorably .
That 's in contrast to the 51 percent of men who think he 's great .
And it 's down from the 40 percent of women who approved of Trump last month .
` Men see President Trump as a strong leader while women prefer the leadership of former President Obama , ' Mark Penn , the Harvard-Harris co-director , told the Hill .
While 50 percent of registered voters say the country is headed in the wrong direction , several recent moves Trump made have gotten support .
For instance , two-thirds of those surveyed said they believed Trump 's missile strike in Syria was justified on the heels of a deadly gas attack .
Another 55 percent said they were happy that the Senate approved of Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court .
Seventy-five percent of registered voters are in favor of Trump 's campaign promise to put $ 1 trillion into infrastructure .
While a majority are in favor of Republicans and Democrats working together to improve the tax code .
However , one of Trump 's campaign promises is still not popular with the masses .
The new poll shows that 62 percent of registered voters are against him building a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico , while 38 percent are for the wall .


@summary
President Trump lost a point between last month and this month in the Harvard-Harris poll

@summary
He 's losing support among women , who say they prefer President Obama 's leadership style to that of Trump 's

@summary
Voters , however , were in favor of his missile strike in Syria , the confirmation of Justice Gorsuch and pro an infrastructure package passing through Congress

