@title
Manchester United to allow Zlatan Ibrahimovic full use of training ground for rehab despite contract uncertainty

@body
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be allowed to complete his rehabilitation from major knee surgery at Manchester United despite uncertainty over his future at the club .
Ibrahimovic vowed on Tuesday to resume his playing career following an operation to repair the anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments in his right knee , posting on social media : ` Fixed , done and stronger . Once again thank you for the support . We will enjoy my game together soon . '
The player had stalled on extending his # 250,000-a-week contract at United before suffering the injury against Anderlecht in the quarter-final of the Europa League last month , and there are doubts that he will make a full recovery at the age of 35 .
However , United will give the Swedish star -- who had scored 28 goals in his first season in English football -- full access to their training and medical facilities at Carrington beyond the end of his current contract on June 30 even though he is expected to be out of action until the start of next year .
One option is for United to agree an insurance waiver with Ibrahimovic in much the same way that goalkeeper Victor Valdes trained at Carrington at the end of 2014 before signing for the club .
United paid for Ibrahimovic 's travel to the United States last week and the surgery that was performed by Dr Freddie Fu at the University of Pittsburgh 's Medical Center .
Luke Shaw is another United player facing a lengthy spell on the sidelines after scans revealed ligament damage in his left foot .
Shaw was injured in Sunday 's draw with Swansea and is unlikely to play again this season amid fears that he could be out for even longer .
United are still waiting on the results of tests on Eric Bailly , who twisted his right ankle against Swansea , as they prepare to fly to Spain for Thursday 's Europa League semi-final against Celta Vigo .
Paul Pogba will be on the trip after training on Tuesday but teammate Ander Herrera warned United to respect the Spaniards even though Jose Mourinho ' s side start as favourites .
` They are a very dangerous side , ' said Herrera , whose father Pedro played for Celta . ` In theory , we are the strongest team left in the competition but we have to respect all of our rivals because otherwise , they can surprise us . '

@summary
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic underwent an op on his knee

@summary
The veteran striker had surgery to fix the cruciate ligaments in his right knee

@summary
The club will allow Ibrahimovic full use of their facilities despite contract doubts

