@title
` India HATES VIP culture ' : Modi goes on the offensive as flashing red beacons are stripped from government vehicles -LRB- including his own car -RRB-

@body
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has continued his tirade against the prevalent VIP culture in India , saying it should be replaced with the concept of Every Person is Important -LRB- or , EPI -RRB- .
Addressing the nation in his monthly ` Mann ki Baat ' programme on radio , Modi said all the 125 crore people in the nation have equal value and importance and the red beacons -LRB- flashing lights as used by the emergency services -RRB- had to be removed as they became a symbol of VIP culture in minds of people using it .
On April 19 , the Union cabinet had cleared the proposal to ban the use of red beacons from May 1 on all government vehicles , including those used by the prime minister , the chief ministers , central and state ministers and judges of the Supreme Court and high courts .
Hatred
` Generally , there is an atmosphere of hatred for the VIP culture in the country . How deep it is , I realised only recently when the government decided that howsoever big a person may be , he can not move around in a vehicle using the red beacon , ' Modi said in his speech .
` Although the ` lal batti ' is gone now , nobody can claim that because of this , the VIP culture which has gone into the mindset would have also gone , ' Modi said .
He said getting rid of red beacon was an administrative decision but efforts have to be made to remove the VIP culture from the mindset also .
` If we all make concerted efforts jointly , this also can go -LRB- from the mindset -RRB- , ' he added . Modi said if the country recognises the importance of 123 crore citizens , imagine the big strength that the country will have in fulfilling the grand dreams .
We all have to do it together . In his address , the PM also touched upon the issue of his another pet scheme of increasing digitalisation in the country as he asked the youth to make digital payments as there was a scheme which entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the government 's BHIM app for transactions . He also announced the launch of the South Asia Satellite on May 5 which would be India 's gift to the region under the slogan of ` Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas ' .
The nations participating in the project are India , Sri Lanka , Nepal , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Maldives and Aghanistan .
` There should be cooperation of our neighbours and there should be development of our neighbours too , ' he said , adding the benefits of this satellite would go a long way in meeting the developmental needs of the countries participating in this project .
Soon after taking over as the PM in 2014 , Modi had made a unilateral proposal of India launching the satellite whose data would be shared with the eight SAARC countries for their development . Pakistan has decided to move out of the project .
Seeking to enhance engagement with the teenagers and children , the prime minister asked the students to utilise the upcoming summer vacations for ` learning new skills and even go for out-of - the-box things like taking lessons in auto driving , picking up some words from other Indian languages and finding about other places which they may intend to visit . '
Save food
The PM , who advocated against wastage of food in his last ` Mann Ki Baat ' programme , said he had received a number of ideas on how to do it . He also mentioned about the climate change problem and the increasing duration of summer .
He spoke about saving the birds and animals from this heat by adopting a humane approach .

@summary
Modi was addressing the nation in his monthly ` Mann ki Baat ' radio programme

@summary
He said getting rid of red beacon was an administrative decision but efforts have to be made to remove the VIP culture from the mindset also

@summary
See more news from India at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome

