@title
Ross Taylor and Trent Boult on form as New Zealand clinch series win against Australia with 24-run victory

@body
New Zealand completed a 2-0 series win against Australia as a 24-run victory in Hamilton ensured they regained the Chapple-Hadlee Trophy .
Ross Taylor and Trent Boult were the key men for the hosts , with the former scoring a measured century and Boult claiming wickets at key times to finish with figures of six for 33 .
Australia seemed to be on course in a pursuit of 282 for much of their innings , but crucially they lost wickets in clusters as they were bowled out for 257 with over three overs remaining .
After an opening stand of 44 , Australia gave away their first wicket as Shaun Marsh was run out for 22 attempting an ill-judged second .
Peter Handscomb chopped on to left-arm seamer Boult two balls later for a duck , but skipper Aaron Finch and Travis Head both made half-centuries to put the tourists in with a shot at levelling the one-day international series .
Finch lost focus on 56 as he chipped Kane Williamson 's occasional off-spin down the ground to Boult at deep midwicket and in the next over Mitchell Santner had Glenn Maxwell caught behind without scoring .
Head made 53 before pulling a short ball from Boult to Dean Brownlie at deep square leg and four balls later James Faulkner was dismissed for nought after prodding to Taylor at slip .
Marcus Stoinis had 42 to his name when he picked out long on off Santner 's left-arm spin but Pat Cummins and Mitchell Starc revived Australian hopes with a stand of 51 in five overs .
However , Boult returned to have Cummins caught at midwicket for 27 before having Adam Zampa held at fly slip and bowling Josh Hazlewood , leaving Starc - who hit two sixes in a Santner over - stranded on 29 .
Earlier Taylor 's 101-ball 107 underpinned New Zealand 's total of 281 for nine after the Black Caps had won the toss .
Starc dismissed Tom Latham for a duck and Williamson was caught behind off Cummins for 37 .
Taylor and Brownlie shared a century stand before the latter was caught behind off Faulkner for 63 .
Four wickets fell for just 33 runs as Faulkner removed Neil Broom and Hazlewood accounted for Colin Munro and James Neesham cheaply .
Santner provided some valuable late impetus with a couple of sixes in his unbeaten 38 , although Faulkner ousted Taylor and Starc cleaned up Tim Southee and Lockie Ferguson .

@summary
New Zealand beat Australia by 24 runs to regain the Chapple-Hadlee Trophy

@summary
Ross Taylor and Trent Boult were the key men , performing well with bat and ball

@summary
Taylor scored a measured century as New Zealand posted 281 for nine

@summary
Australia looked on course to beat total before Boult claimed six wickets for 33

