@title
Family of British student , 20 , stabbed to death on a tram in Jerusalem say they are ` devastated by the senseless attack ' on their ` talented and passionate ' daughter

@body
The family of the British tourist who was killed during a knife attack in Israel have said they have been devastated by the loss of their ` talented ' daughter .
Hannah Bladon , 20 , was stabbed multiple times in the abdomen with a kitchen knife on a tram close to the Old City , where thousands of Christians had gathered on Good Friday .
Her family have described her as a caring woman who was an enthusiastic rugby player and serving member of her church .
In a statement , the Bladons said : ` Hannah was the most caring , sensitive and compassionate daughter you could ever wish for . She was a talented student and was studying at Birmingham University for a degree in Religion , Theology and Archaeology .
` At the time of her death she was part of a student exchange programme and was studying at the Rothberg International School at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . She had been taking part in an archaeological dig that morning .
` Hannah was a talented musician , part of a serving team at her local church and a member of her local archaeological group . She was an enthusiastic rugby player and a keen Derby County supporter .
` She was driven and passionate and her death leaves so much promise unfulfilled .
` Our family are devastated by this senseless and tragic attack . '

Police have arrested Jamil Tamimi , 57 , a Palestinian man from East Jerusalem who was described as mentally unstable , after onlookers wrestled him to the ground .
Ms Bladon , who was a student at the University of Birmingham , travelled to Israel to study at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Medics performed CPR on the young woman at the scene before she was taken to hospital in critical condition , where she later died .
In a Facebook post earlier this year she wrote she was ` OK ' after a wave of terror attacks in the country .
She said : ` Thanks guys . I 'm ok thanks ! Security is really tight on campus so no worries at mo -LRB- sic -RRB- !
` Managed to see a lot of sites before starting my classes today so defo -LRB- sic -RRB- having a great time ! Xx ' .
Mark Regev , Israel 's ambassador to the UK , said : ` My thoughts are with the family and friends of UK student Hannah Bladon , who was murdered in a senseless act of terror in Jerusalem today . '
During the shocking attack , an off-duty policeman pulled an emergency brake and tried to intervene .
He told the Israeli Police Spokesmanship : ' I was on the Jerusalem Light Rail with my family and during the journey I heard shouts of ` attack , attack ' .
' I immediately pulled on the manual emergency break of the train , ran to the scene of the attack and charged at the attacker , neutralising him so that he can not continue to harm innocent people . '
The Hebrew University of Jerusalem said : ` The Hebrew University and the Rothberg International School express our deep sorrow over the murder of a British student , Hannah Bladon , in today 's attack .
` We extend our deepest condolences to her family and we share in their sorrow .
` The university condemns such acts of terror that harm innocent people , and especially a student who came to Jerusalem to study and widen her academic horizons .
` The university administration and staff will provide all necessary support to students , faculty members and their families in Israel and around the world .
` Hannah Bladon came to the Hebrew University as part of a student exchange from the University of Birmingham .
` Hannah began her studies here at the end of January 2017 and was supposed to continue her studies until the end of the current semester . '
Arye Jaffe , paramedic from United Hatzalah medical organisation , told Mail Online : ` There was a lot of blood . It was a big mess .
` There was a bunch of policemen already there and there were police medical and civilians treating her .

' I tried to get near her head where it was possible to manage the other medics and to manage the victim 's breathing .
` After stopping the blood I took steps to reduce the pressure on he chest and put a tube in to her to help her to breathe .
' I saw that the pulse had stopped and tried to stimulate her heart mechanically and then with medicine .
` She had extreme injuries in her upper abdomen and her extremities and as I was treating her , she lost her pulse .
` We tried CPR and when ambulance arrived to take her to the ICU I went with them , assisting them to the hospital , where doctors attempted open hear surgery to save her , but it was unsuccessful . '
The Foreign Office confirmed a Briton 's death , saying it is supporting her family .
The University of Birmingham said it was ` deeply saddened ' over Ms Bladon 's death and said it would be supporting any students affected .
It was reported that Hannah took courses on Bible Studies , archaeology and religion at the university 's Rothberg International School . She had been studying religion at the University of Birmingham since 2015 .
Officers said the attacker got on the tram and rode one stop before launching his knife attack .
A police spokesman said the suspected attacker had tried to commit suicide earlier this year .
Miriam Levy , 32-year-old medic with Magen David Adom , added : ` There was a lot of blood everywhere and a young woman on the ground of the train .
` We tried CPR and evacuated her to the hospital as soon as possible .

` There was a lot of noise when we got there , there was a lot people trying to treat her and help her . We had to ask the police to get all the people who could n't help to move away .
` She was stabbed all over the upper part of her body -- chest , abdomen , limbs . it was a very serious stabbing .
` I 've not seen this kind of severity apart from in hospitals -- it was my first time seeing it out in the field .
' I felt pity for this woman , she was so young , and on the other hand I needed to try to stay focused .
` It 's so awful that a British woman came here to visit and this happened -- it makes me sad . Israel is more than this , but it 's this kind of thing that leaves the hardest marks . '
A pregnant woman in her early 30s injured her stomach after the tram came to a sudden stop and a man in his early 50s hurt his leg trying to escape the attacker .
Israel 's President Reuven Rivlin said : ' I am filled with sadness , as I received the terrible news of the murder of a young girl in the terror attack in Jerusalem .
` Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim , and we wish all the injured a swift and full recovery .
` This week thousands have come through the ancient gates of Jerusalem , to celebrate the feasts of Passover and Easter throughout the city - while the security forces work to ensure the safety of the dear residents and visitors to the city . And so we will continue to do .
` Terror can never overcome us . Terror will never destroy our lives here . '


A UK Foreign Office Spokeswoman said : ` We are in touch with local authorities following an incident in Jerusalem on 14 April . '

Police had been on high alert for Passover when tens of thousands of Jews pray at the Western Wall inside the Old City and some visit the flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque compound above it .
The compound , which is the third holiest site in Islam and the holiest site to Jews , who refer to it as the Temple Mount , is the source of constant tensions .
Jews are allowed to visit but not pray at the site .
Palestinian fears that Israel will seek to change those rules have been the source of repeated violence .
A wave of unrest which erupted in October 2015 has claimed the lives of 260 Palestinians , 41 Israelis , two Americans , one Jordanian , an Eritrean and a Sudanese , according to an AFP count .
Most of the Palestinians killed were carrying out knife , gun or car-ramming attacks , the Israeli authorities say .
Others were shot dead during protests or clashes , while some were killed in Israeli air strikes on the Gaza Strip .
The violence has greatly subsided in recent months .


@summary
The 20-year-old British tourist stabbed in Jerusalem is named as Hannah Bladon

@summary
Her family has today paid tribute to their ` caring and sensitive ' daughter

@summary
Attack happened near the Old City where Christians were marking Good Friday

@summary
Police say they have arrested a ` mentally unstable ' 57-year-old Palestinian man

