@title
Grace Kelly 's Philadelphia childhood home to open as a museum in 2018 after being bought by her son , Prince Albert of Monaco

@body
Grace Kelly 's childhood home in Philadelphia will be turned into a museum .
Her son , Prince Albert II of Monaco , told People that the home could open to the public by 2018 - or ` possibly earlier ' .
Prince Albert bought the home for $ 754,000 in the fall , after the previous owner died .
The previous owner was a hoarder so the home will likely need a lot of work until it 's ready for its new life as a museum .
Scroll down for video
However , since the home is located in a neighborhood , Prince Albert said that it likely wo n't act as a traditional museum , with normal hours .
He said that while ` there will be different public events , it wo n't be exclusively a musem ' .
` While it is a historical landmark , I do n't think that a dedicated museum is the right avenue to take . There will though be any number of events which will facilitate public viewing ' .
He says his team is working to develop events that will attract visitors to the museum .
The home will serve as an outpost for the Princess Grace Foundation and Monaco 's Princess Grace Irish Library .
The Library is partnering with Villanova University to plan lectures , readings , concerts and kid 's activities .
Prince Albert flew out to the U.S. in October to visit the Kelly family residence , and said being there made him nostalgic for his youth .
' I had n't seen the house in a good many summers and some of it is in relatively good shape , he said . ` The previous owner had n't touched some parts in 40 years . Other parts need great work ... I can still see the living room carpet . It 's not there anymore but I remember the pattern . And the kitchen where we all had breakfast every morning . '
` Seeing it without furniture was odd , ' he said . ` And , it seems a little small . Of course , when you 're young everything seems bigger . But it seems a lot smaller than I remembered . '
The home was where Prince Albert 's father , Prince Rainier , proposed to his mother , then an actress in 1956 . After accepting his proposal , Kelly 's life changed forever , and she sailed to Monaco to help her husband lead his small European nation .



The 4,000 sq ft house , built in the 1920s by Kelly 's father John B Kelly Sr , was originally listed in July for a cool $ 1million before the price was brought down to $ 850,000 .
The price dropped again by another $ 100,000 in August but a competitive bidding war pushed the sale tag back up by $ 25,000 .
` There were multiple offers on the property , ' realtor Patty Gernerd told PhillyVoice .
` We started at a higher offer because we had no idea what the wow-factor would be . '
` The people who put in offers really wanted it because of a combination of the name and the architecture . '
Kelly spent her childhood in the home , which features six bedrooms and four bathrooms .
The house remained in the family until 1974 , when Kelly 's mother Margaret sold the estate to Thomas and Janet Lawnton , who then sold it six days later to Marjorie Bamont .


Bamont lived at the home for more than 40 years . She was charged with animal cruelty in 2013 when 14 live cats - and one dead - were found inside the residence .
Philadelphia SPCA officers said the house was covered with cat feces and fleas . A live dog was also found inside the dwelling , according to the Philadelphia Inquirer .
Bamont , who was believed to be suffering a mental health crisis at the time , eventually pleaded no contest after she was convicted of 14 counts of animal cruelty in 2014 . She died two years later .
The house was purchased after four months on the market .
A grandson of Kelly 's father said the royal family is securing the estate for the winter and were planning renovations .
Kelly left the home to pursue an acting career in 1950 , going on to star in the likes of To Catch A Thief , Dial M For Murder , Rear Window and Country Girl .
She tragically died in a car crash in 1982 , but the legacy of her childhood home has remained in her former neighborhood .
Kelly 's father John was a three-time Olympic gold medalist and a prominent bricklayer in Philadelphia who was almost elected to be the city 's mayor .

The family was known for throwing incredible parties and hosting carnivals for the children of the community .
` People still recollect seeing Grace wait for the bus and how sweet and kind she was , ' Grenard said .
` The family was beloved by the neighborhood as a gregarious and magnanimous group of local dignitaries . Their nobility was a force that shaped the community . '
Gernerd said that much like the family 's legacy , the house has also maintained its original shape through the years .
` It 's a solid-structured building with great bones in it , ' she said .
` It was built correctly , and most of the originality is still there . The architecture of the time did n't get muted . '
` When people came to look at it , the integrity remained and you could feel the flavor when it was first built . That was the charm of the house overall . '
Gernerd said the house still has its original windows and bricks , as well as the stunning archways and staircase .
` It really is a love story , ' she said .
` About the way old time houses came about and how families rose to esteem . '




@summary
Prince Albert II of Monaco told People that he plans to turn his mother 's childhood home in Philadelphia into a museum

@summary
The museum could be opened as soon as 2018 , he said

@summary
The Monaco regent bought the home for $ 754,000 in the fall

@summary
He flew out to the U.S. in October to tour the property , which was last owned by a hoarder who lived with 14 cats

@summary
The home is where Kelly , an Oscar-winning actress , accepted Prince Rainier 's marriage proposal in 1956

@summary
Princess Grace died on September 14 , 1982 , after suffering a stroke that caused her to crash her car

