@title
Liverpool 's Dejan Lovren hopes ` special players ' Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino can fire Jurgen Klopp 's men to the Champions League

@body
Liverpool can secure a Champions League spot off the back of performances from their star duo Roberto Firmino and Philippe Coutinho , according to Dejan Lovren .
The Brazilians have proved their worth for Jurgen Klopp 's side in recent weeks and Firmino netted the only goal of the game as Liverpool beat West Brom 1-0 at the Hawthorns on Sunday .
That followed a similarly gritty victory from Liverpool for which they were indebted to Firmino and Coutinho - the 2-1 win away at Stoke .
Both Brazilians came off the bench in that tie at half-time and both scored as Liverpool recovered from a goal down to secure the three points .
And having seen the impact of the pair up close , Lovren is in no doubt over the role they play in Liverpool 's success .
` These two amazing guys , these two special players mean a lot for us , ' Lovren told the club 's official website via FourFourTwo .
` Hopefully they will stay fit until the end of the season . We are missing many players , but they showed again in the second half against Stoke that they can change the game whenever they want .
` Sometimes you need that . Top teams like us sometimes depend on our big players . But it is not just on them , the responsibility is for everyone to do our job . '
Liverpool are in a position to qualify for their first Champions League campaign since 2014-15 as they sit third in the Premier League table .
Klopp 's side are six points clear of Manchester United who sit fifth and two clear of Manchester City in fourth .
However Liverpool have played two games more than United and one more than City and Lovren knows they will have to remain consistent if they want to qualify for Europe 's elite competition next campaign .
The Croatian defender added : ` We have a big thing to achieve : the Champions League . Everyone wants that . If you want to be a top team , you need to continue to play well in every game . '
Liverpool 's next match is against Crystal Palace on Sunday at Anfield .



@summary
Roberto Firmino scored the only goal of the game against West Brom on Sunday

@summary
Firmino and Philippe Coutinho both netted in the win over Stoke the week before

@summary
Liverpool sit third in the league six points ahead of Manchester United in fifth

@summary
Jurgen Klopp 's side next match is against Crystal Palace at Anfield on Sunday

