@title
Want to make your child a maths genius ? Get them moving in the classroom , say researchers

@body
Researchers have found that children become better at math if their whole bodies are engaged while learning .
They also found that many children improve at math if the way it 's taught is individualized to each child .
The research could have an impact on new teaching methods and the incorporation of physical activity during the school day .
The study , conducted by researchers at the University of Copenhagen 's Department of Nutrition , Exercise and Sports , investigated whether different types of math learning strategies change the way children solve math problems .
The research , published in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience , was conducted over a six-week period and involved testing the mathematical abilities of school children with an average age of seven years old .
After six weeks , all of the children had improved scores in a standardized fifty question national test .
The children whose teaching engaged their whole bodies performed the best on the test .
Their performance improved by 7.6 per cent with nearly four more correct responses than the baseline .
Professor Jacob Wienecke , an associate professor at the University of Copenhagen 's Department of Nutrition , Exercise and Sports and lead researcher of the study , said : ` Compared to previous studies which demonstrated that intense physical activity could improve learning outcomes , we have been able to show that lower intensity activities are just as effective , or even more effective , as long as movement is integrated into the topic at hand . '
The research also found that children with average and above average math performance benefited the most from using their entire bodies to learn - and children who were n't very good at maths from the beginning of the study did n't receive much additional benefit from the full body engagement learning .
` We need to keep this in mind when developing new forms of instruction , ' said Professor Wienecke .
` The new school reform focuses on , among other things , the incorporation of physical activity during the school day , with the aim of improving the motivation , well-being and learning of ALL children .
` However , individual understanding must be taken into account .
` Otherwise , we risk an unfortunate combined outcome in which those who are already proficient advance , and those who have not yet mastered concepts can not keep up . '
For the study , 165 Danish first grade students , divided among three schools in the Copenhagen area , were divided into three groups .
The first group used their whole body during math classes .
Their teaching took place on the classroom floor with tables and chairs set aside .
These students took part in problem solving activities which included making triangles , making shapes of numbers with their bodies and using each other to solve addition or subtraction problem .
The second group of students did n't use their whole bodies while learning math but they did use fine motor skills .
These students worked independently or in small groups using LEGO to solve arithmetic math problems or for building models to solve geometry tasks .
The last group , the control group , continued their regular math classes as usual using pencils , paper , rulers and other commonly used mathematical instruments .
The group that used their whole body during math class showed twice as much improvement as the the second , fine motor skills group .
Now , the researchers are investigating which areas of the brain are involved in these various learning strategies .
At the same time , researchers will be testing the School Reform 's positive effects on other academic skills , such as reading .
For the study , 165 Danish first grade students , divided among three schools in the Copenhagen area , were divided into three groups .
The first group used their whole body during math classes .
Their teaching took place on the classroom floor with tables and chairs set aside .
These students took part in problem solving activities which included making triangles , making shapes of numbers with their bodies and using each other to solve an addition or subtraction problem .
The second group of students did n't use their whole bodies while learning math but they did use fine motor skills .
These students worked independently or in small groups using LEGO to solve arithmetic math problems or for building models to solve geometry tasks .
The last group , the control group , continued their regular math classes as usual using pencils , paper , rulers and other commonly used mathematical instruments
After six weeks , all of the children had improved scores in a standardized fifty question national test , but the children whose teaching engaged their whole bodies performed the best on the test .


@summary
Children become better at math if their whole bodies are engaged while learning

@summary
They also improve at math if the way it 's taught is individualized to each student

@summary
Children who have average and above average math skills benefited the most

@summary
Overall , the children whose teaching engaged their whole bodies improved the most , with their scores on a national test improving by 7.6 per cent

