@title
Yorkshireman battling Motor Neurone Disease will keep his accent even when he can no longer speak as experts design him a robotic voice

@body
A father who is battling Motor Neurone Disease will still be able to keep his North Yorkshire accent when he can no longer speak as experts have designed him a personalised robotic voice .
Jason Liversidge , of Scarborough , has had the voice made for him by experts who used the same communication technology used by Professor Stephen Hawking , who suffers from the same condition .
The 41-year-old was diagnosed with MND in 2014 and is slowly losing the ability to speak as his condition progresses .
Scroll down for video
But instead of giving him a computer-generated voice , specialists have created a voice with a Yorkshire accent for Mr Liversidge .
They have used recordings of his original voice from a speech he gave at his sister 's wedding , plus those of Yorkshire men who have donated their voices , including Jason 's best friend , Phil White .
Donor voices were needed because Mr Liversidge 's speech is already slurred .
Speaking to BBC Inside Out Yorkshire and Lincolnshire , Mr Liversidge said he was hoping to keep his voice to communicate with his children , Poppy and Lilly , and wife , Liz .
He said : ` I 'd quite like to keep a form of identity .
' I just do n't want to be a programmed voice on a computer . But also for the kids and Liz , -LSB- I want them -RSB- to hear my voice rather -LSB- than -RSB- a computer one . '
After hearing his new voice , he said : ` That 's pretty good . It 's instantly recognisable . It sounds really good . I know it 's me . '
The new voice was developed at a centre in Edinburgh funded by Harry Potter author JK Rowling .
Dr Phillipa Rewaj , a speech and language therapist at the Anne Rowling Clinic , said : ` Your voice is identifiable to other people as your face is . It 's very unique to you . So to be able to preserve that is really important for people . '


@summary
Scientists created a voice for Jason Liversidge , of Scarborough , who has MND

@summary
They used recordings from his original voice and ` donated ' voices to create it

@summary
He said he would like to keep a form of identity to communicate with his children

