@title
England preparing for lift-off in Bangalore as flat track promises a run-fest in Twenty20 finale

@body
England have been adjusting their sights in the nets ahead of what promises to be a run-fest in Bangalore 's final Twenty20 international .
After a tricky batting surface at the VCA Stadium last time out the final game of England 's long and trying sub-continental winter programme is expected to be full of runs . Joe Root , Ben Stokes , Sam Billings and Moeen Ali were all pictured enjoying a hit at the the M Chinnaswamy Stadium .
Despite its flat surface the Bangalore venue has a surprisingly low top score of 157 from its four T20Is but has been a happy hunting ground for major totals in one-day cricket and the Indian Premier League .
Root and Stokes in particular were snapped working on clearing the ropes in range-hitting drills on Tuesday .
Ahead of the game England 's star batsman , Root , has called for the International Cricket Council to make DRS reviews available in Twenty20 internationals .
Root was wrongly given out lbw in the final over of India 's series-levelling win on Sunday , with umpire Chettithody Shamshuddin raising his finger despite a heavy inside edge .
Shamshuddin had earlier raised eyebrows by reprieving India captain Virat Kohli when a Chris Jordan delivery rapped the pads clean in front of middle stump . On both occasions England would have happily referred the decision to the TV umpire - and been successful - but there is currently no provision for DRS in the shortest form of the game .
Captains are allowed two unsuccessful reviews every 80 overs in Test matches and one per innings in one-day internationals but the ICC has resisted any temptation to offer the option in T20s . There have been concerns that reviews would compromise the brevity of a format that is pitched as an all-action alternative to its lengthier cousins .
But Root feels that notion is already outdated .
` Is it time now for some sort of DRS in T20 cricket ? ' he mused on the eve of the series decider in Bangalore .
` When the margins are so small and the smallest thing can turn a game of T20 cricket I do feel every opportunity to get the right decision should be taken . It 's as simple as that .
' I know you want to keep the speed of the game but with it being such small margins and so important for us to get things right - with bat or ball - it 's just as important to get the right decisions from the umpires as well .
` It would be quite nice to see maybe even one review for either side . '
Root 's words are timely given the ICC board are set to have their quarterly meeting in Dubai at the weekend , just the kind of forum where his suggestion might be acted upon .
Whether or not the England and Wales Cricket Board 's representative , president Giles Clarke , will raise the topic remains to be seen but Root is hopeful .
` I 'd like to think it will get raised anyway by a few different members , ' he said . ' I ca n't speak on behalf of the rest of world cricket or even for the rest of my team . It 's just something I believe in and I 'm sure there are others out there who will agree with me . '
England expressed their disappointment in Shamshuddin 's performance in their feedback to match referee Andy Pycroft but suggestions that the 46-year-old may swap roles with third umpire Nitin Menon for the decider have come to nothing .
Root insisted England had no issues with the Hyderabadi taking charge again , suggesting umpires need the safety net of DRS just as much as the players .
' I have no problem with him umpiring any of our future games . As a player you 're going to make mistakes and as an umpire you 're going to do exactly the same , ' he said .
` It would be wrong to single him out and have a personal go at him but if that was in a major tournament - in a final or a semi-final - from a decision that goes against us , we 're going to feel bitterly disappointed .
` It would n't be fair to him as the umpire standing in the game to have to deal with the aftermath . He should be able to go and do his job as we are doing ours and he 'll be under enough external pressure after what happened the other night anyway . '
England are unlikely to risk left-arm spinner Liam Dawson , with seamer Liam Plunkett favourite to make his return to the XI .


@summary
England 's final Twenty20 international in India promises to be high scoring

@summary
The tourists were pictured in the nets power hitting ahead of the game

@summary
Ahead of the contest Joe Root called for DRS to be made available in T20Is

