@title
Monsoon season for lawsuits : State agencies responsible for nearly half of 3.2 crore cases stuck in court

@body
At a time when the country 's courts and justice ministry are battling a backlog of more than 3.2 crore cases , it turns out that the government - both Centre and states - is the biggest single litigant , being a party in a whopping 46 % of them .
According to statistics provided by the law and justice ministry , the central government alone is involved in 1,35,060 lawsuits across the country .
Experts say India has far too few courts , judges and prosecutors for its 1.3 billion people . Bulk of the cases is pending in subordinate courts thronged by poor litigants who bear the brunt of the overburdened system .
The ministry of railways is the biggest contributor , being a party in 66,685 pending lawsuits of which 10,464 are more than a decade old .
Five other ministries with the most number of cases are finance -LRB- 15,651 -RRB- , communications -LRB- 12,642 -RRB- , home affairs -LRB- 11,668 -RRB- , defence -LRB- 3,433 -RRB- and health & family welfare -LRB- 3,275 -RRB- .
Listing the Narendra Modi government 's achievements in the arena of justice delivery in the last three years , law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said a key goal is to reduce government litigation as a result of which the overall case pileup is set to witness a sharp dip .
' A draft national litigation policy is under formulation to make the government a responsible and efficient litigant .
' I wrote to all governmental departments and ministries to take pro-active measures to settle cases were government is a party , ' said Prasad .
Ministry sources said to give an impetus to the goal , a nodal officer has been appointed in each department to keep a track of disputes in which the department is involved , avoid filing appeals except in cases that involve a substantial policy matter , and withdrawal of vexatious litigation .
Settlement
The ministry is also making efforts to ensure cases involving two government wings or PSUs are settled out of the court using alternate dispute redress mechanisms .
Pendency in the Supreme Court is now at 60,750 cases . About 40 lakh cases are stuck in high courts . The pendency in district and subordinate courts is at 2.74 crore .
The department of justice 's ` Action Plan To Reduce Government Litigation ' says , ` Government is regarded to be the biggest contributor to litigation in India . Approximately 46 % of the total pending cases in courts pertains to the government .
This includes cases relating to Public Sector Undertakings and other autonomous bodies . Government litigation includes service matters , disputes with private entities as well as inter-se disputes between two government departments and disputes between two PSUs . '
The Legal Information Management and Briefing System -LRB- LIMBS -RRB- - an endeavour to bring court cases against the government on a single comprehensive online platform - was launched last year .
It was an effort to ensure that various ministries do not adopt conflicting stands on the same issue before a court , a growing trend these days , and to make maximum efforts to settle disputes between governments and among public sector units out of the court , which will reduce the backlog to a large extent .
Transparency Prasad said LIMBS has captured details of more than 1,30,231 cases in which the government is involved .
` It helps to introduce transparency as well as a sense of ownership among various stakeholders / ministries/departments during the entire cycle of a court case , ' he said .
The progress of each case - what happened on a particular date , stand adopted by the government - will be available at the click of a button for the official who has registered himself with the LIMBS .
Several recent chief justices had been asking the Centre to take immediate steps to ensure that only minimal litigation between government departments and PSUs reach the court .
They have also been calling for out-of-court-settlement of disputes to reduce the pileup .

@summary
The ministry of railways is the biggest contributor

@summary
Rail has 66,685 pending lawsuits of which 10,464 are more than a decade old

@summary
See more news from India at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome

