@title
Leicester captain Wes Morgan faces more injury woe with defender battling to be fit for Champions League quarter-final with Atletico Madrid

@body
Wes Morgan is facing a battle to be fit for Leicester 's Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid with the club captain expected to miss the trip to Everton on Sunday , Sportsmail understands .
Craig Shakespeare is reluctant to risk playing Morgan before the back injury which has kept him out of the last three Premier League wins has fully cleared .
Leicester are assessing Morgan 's nerve problem every 24 hours and he is improving , but the club are unable to put a date on his return .
Premier League appearances : 27
Goals scored : 1
Goals conceded : 45
Clean sheets : 5
Tackles : 27
Clearances : 141
Morgan was walking around the King Power Stadium after the 2-0 victory over Sunderland , giving a tour to a young fan , but he has not trained fully with his team-mates since suffering the injury during the win over Sevilla on March 14 .
Yohan Benalouane has seized his chance in Morgan 's absence , and in a remarkable turnaround could feature in the Champions League five months after appearing in the Checkatrade Trophy .
Benalouane was left out of Leicester 's Premier League squad by Claudio Ranieri and played three times for the side 's Under 23s in the lower-league competition earlier this season to maintain fitness .
But the 30-year-old was brought back into contention in January when rules allowed a reshuffle and he has performed ably in wins over West Ham , Stoke and Sunderland .
Signed for # 5.6 million in summer 2015 , Benalouane played just 65 minutes of Premier League football last season -- all substitute appearances at right back -- and his four games were not enough to qualify for a title-winners ' medal .
He was sent on loan to Fiorentina but failed to play a single minute with the Italian side claiming he arrived unfit , a matter contested by Leicester .
But Shakespeare has shown no hesitation in thrusting him into the action ahead of Marcin Wasilewski and Daniel Amartey . The Leicester manager praised Benalouane 's professionalism but admitted he has needed to improve since being in England .
` Sometimes when you are not playing as long as he has you can get frustrated , but he stayed very positive , ' said Shakespeare . ` I spoke to him three weeks ago about being ready and focused , and I think in his performances he has been very assured .
` In training he has become more composed this season . He was probably overly aggressive sometimes in training and as the referee I would pull him up . He has listened and taken it on board . I had no doubts he could perform at this level . '

@summary
Wes Morgan faces a battle to be fit for Leicester 's clash with Atletico Madrid

@summary
Craig Shakespeare 's side face Atletico in the Champions League quarter-finals

@summary
The central defender is expected to miss this weekend 's trip to Everton

@summary
In the three games he has missed , Yohan Benalouane has seized his chance

@summary
Leicester news : Ahmed Musa arrested on suspicion of beating his wife

