@title
As the Met Gala 's red carpet is about to commence , FEMAIL rounds up the unlikely fashion trends that came out of last year 's charity ball

@body
Anything and everything goes at the Met Gala . Last year 's theme was `` Manus x Machina : Fashion in an Age of Technology . ''
As predicted , a parade of metallic gowns came down the red carpet , with the exception of a few risk takers who thought outside of the box .
Stars like Kanye West , Kendall Jenner and Maria Sharapova stood out from the crowd while simultaneously setting a few trends . Check out the looks from Fashion 's Biggest Night last year that have had an impact on style today .
SIDE CUTOUT DRESSES
Kendall Jenner was a vision in Versace at last year 's charity gala . The model wore her hair in a sleek high ponytail and kept her accessories to a minimum .
Since the black tie extravaganza , the sexy side cutout look has become a favorite with starlets on and off the red carpet .
Exposing just the right amount of skin , side cutout dresses have become the perfect look for formal affairs and fun Friday nights , alike .
TORN JEANS FOR DRESSY OCCASIONS
Fans criticized Kanye for his casual denim look last year , calling it ` not a big deal . '
But by pushing the boundaries , Kanye has changed the landscape of what 's now acceptable attire for a formal occasion .
His not-trying-to-hard getup consisted of an oversized embellished trucker jacket by Balmain , ripped jeans by Fear Of God , and Saint Laurent suede ankle boots .
To pull off a pair of distressed denim at a formal environment , just follow Kanye 's lead and pair them with something sparkly .
ONE OVERSIZE EARRING
A year ago , Maria Sharapova may have appeared a little silly accessorizing her Juan Carlos Obando red dress with one ginormous earring by the Colombian designer , but the asymmetrical look is now one of spring 's hottest trends .
To cop Maria 's futuristic look , opt for a pair of bold linear drops in geometric shapes and only wear one at a time .
COMBAT BOOTS AND DRESSES
While it 's not the first time combat boots have been worn with a dress , Jennifer Connelly 's Louis Vuitton look at last year 's star-studded Met Gala , definitely made a case for going grunge to a dressy event .
Since then , trendsetters like Hailey Baldwin and Gigi Hadid have been spotted wearing masculine shoes with just about everything .
To elegantly pull off the look like the Shelter star , team rough and tough black lace-up boots with a flirty dress in a girly print .

@summary
From Kendall Jenner 's side cutout dress to Kanye West 's destroyed denim , FEMAIL reveals the looks from last year 's gala that are hot spring trends

