@title
Real Madrid 3-0 Atletico Madrid : Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick gives Zinedine Zidane 's side the advantage in Champions League semi-final

@body
The ball sat up nicely , but not that nicely . The second goal did n't have to fly in the way it did , it did n't have to be hit with such phenomenal power and accuracy . Cristiano Ronaldo does not have to make it look this easy . It 's just what he does , that 's all .
He takes centre stage , always . And the bigger that stage , the more he wants and demands it . He is not just one of the best players to have graced this game but one of the bravest . He never hides , he is always prepared to fail , yet so rarely does . And it is not just ego that drives him to take control , but valour . Of course he could lay it off ; of course he could take up the secondary space , let another take the responsibility of winning the game . But he wo n't .
It is his job to send Real Madrid to another final ; it is his job to finish off their cussed city rivals . And he has , barring a fightback bordering on the miraculous . Without that , Atletico Madrid are done .




To think that before the Champions League quarter-final second leg with Bayern Munich last month , Ronaldo had scored 97 goals in the tournament . Now , two games later , he has scored 103 .
Back to back hat-tricks , and against two of the finest teams in Europe . Ronaldo has n't racked them up against lightweights , but against the first team to win the German title five years in succession , and a group coached by Diego Simeone whose name has become a by-word for defensive determination .
The Champions League is the finest club competition there has ever been , and Ronaldo has now reached a goals total of double figures in it in each of the last six seasons . This was his 42nd hat-trick for Real Madrid , and seven of them have been in UEFA 's premier tournament .
We could fill pages with his numbers , books with superlatives lauding his talent . He already has his own museum . They could fill a room with his match balls . And another room with his , well , you know .
Imagine how closely he is guarded in every match , yet still he finds a way . Imagine how Simeone 's defence was drilled and drilled , his players readied specifically for this encounter .
And yet there it is : Ronaldo 3 Atletico 0 . Other Real players had chances , but only one looked like scoring . Funny that . When the ball flew in , you knew it was him .
He just looked more alive , more aware than any other player on the pitch . He just looked more present .



Real Madrid : Navas 6.5 , Carvajal 6.5 -LRB- Nacho 46 mins - 6 -RRB- , Ramos 7 , Varane 7 , Marcelo 7 , Kroos 7 , Casemiro 7 , Modric 7.5 , Isco 6.5 -LRB- Asensio 67 - 6.5 -RRB- , Benzema 5.5 -LRB- Vazquez 77 -RRB- , Ronaldo 8.5
Subs not used : Casilla , Rodriguez , Kovacic , Morata
Goal : Ronaldo 10 , 73 , 85
Booked : Isco
Atletico Madrid : Oblak 6.5 , Lucas 6 , Savic 5.5 , Godin 6 , Filipe Luis 6 , Koke 6 , Gabi 5.5 , Saul 6 -LRB- Gaitan 58 - 6 -RRB- , Carrasco 5.5 -LRB- Correa 67 - 6 -RRB- , Griezmann 7 , Gameiro 5.5 -LRB- Torres 57 - 6.5 -RRB-
Subs not used : Miguel Moya , Tiago , Thomas , Rodriguez
Booked : Koke , Saul , Savic
Referee : Martin Atkinson -LRB- England -RRB-
Attendance : 77,609
Man of the Match : Cristiano Ronaldo

Atletico are a good team , but not a 4-0 win over Real Madrid team . If the second goal looked to have done for them , the third opened the door to oblivion .
At 1-0 , Diego Simeone 's players were still on familiar territory and hopeful of toughing it out at home next Wednesday . It was Ronaldo 's second of the night that shifted them out of their comfort zone , his third that condemned them to the wilderness .
So let 's go back to the start and the goal after ten minutes that seemed to typify this late phase of Ronaldo 's career .
Truly , he is attempting one of the most interesting exit routes in the modern game . We have frequently seen forwards reinvented as midfield players , Glenn Hoddle went from number ten to play sweeper , Ruud Gullit dropped back to midfield and then into defence , too .
Usually , players retreat through the team as age creeps up on them . Ronaldo is a forward reinventing himself as another forward ; a different forward ; a centre-forward , in essence .
He no longer runs at defences as he used to . Instead , he lurks . He still has that phenomenal eye for goal , but instead of using it for the spectacular , taking people on from anywhere , scoring goals that burn into the memory , he poaches .
His movement , his reading of the game , his instinct , his courage , he puts it all to work in the service of his team . Look at the headers he scores now . He 's always been good in the air . Fearless and strong , with a fantastic leap and admirable abandon . A man who spends so much time working on his sculpted image really should pay more attention to whether he gets his teeth knocked out , but Ronaldo never does .
All those years ago , playing for Manchester United , he scored a header in a Champions League win against Roma that remains one of the boldest many in the stadium will ever see . A split second out and he could have been left with a fine set of gums . Instead he sent the ball into the net with the force of one of his mighty free-kicks .
He did n't do that here , but he got his head in first to give Real Madrid a tenth minute lead , he outjumped Stefan Savic whose job it is to win headers for Atletico Madrid and , in doing so , he added to the 100 Champions League goals he took into this game .



And what an achievement that is , by the way . He has now scored 13 times in Champions League semi-finals alone .
Considering the individual attention he receives from markers and defenders his is a talent bordering on escapology .
Now he no longer roams all over the pitch , how does Ronaldo find space in the most tightly guarded area , around the opposing goal ? He just does .
This is not only about his ability , but his wit . He has one of the sharpest minds , the keenest sense of anticipation , the game has ever known . What a wonder he is .
Diego Simeone put a relative rookie up against him in his wide starting position , Lucas Hernandez , just 21 , and he wasted no time in leaving Ronaldo on his backside two minutes in .



Ronaldo responded by moving inside for the next attack , picking up a ball from Raphael Varane and firing it impatiently over . He was anxious to get started . He was determined to get Real 's show on the road .
He did n't have to wait long . After ten minutes , Sergio Ramos planted an attempted cross into the turf , the ball reared up and was headed clear .
Casemiro recycled it sharply , and there was Ronaldo , above Savic , quickest to react , first to the ball , to head past Oblak into the net . Boom , 101 .
Real dominated from there and should have been comfortable yet , with 73 minutes gone , Atletico still had a puncher 's chance in the return . Ronaldo changed that .
Marcelo played in Karim Benzema on the edge of the area , who flicked it on to Ronaldo . Filipe Luis tried to steal it , but got rolled instead .
At that point the ball popped up invitingly and Ronaldo has never been one to turn down an invitation .
In it went from roughly 20 yards , Oblak with no chance . A brilliant strike , and totally deserved given Real 's domination .
Even the third did not flatter them , Ronaldo fizzing it in from inside the penalty area , his new favourite position , from a Lucas Vazquez cross .
Atletico were done . So was Ronaldo . We will see him in Cardiff next month . He 's easy enough to spot . Just look for a bloke in white , scoring the goals .


@summary
Cristiano Ronaldo heads in from five yards out inside 10 minutes to put Real Madrid ahead

@summary
Karim Benzema fired just wide with acrobatic overhead , while Kevin Gameiro missed good chance to equalise

@summary
Ronaldo doubled his tally , and Real Madrid 's lead , with a powerful volley 17 minutes from time

@summary
The Real star completed his hat-trick five minutes from time to all but end the tie

@summary
The return leg at Atletico Madrid 's Vicente Calrderon stadium is scheduled to take place on May 10

@summary
REAL MADRID 3-0 ATLETICO MADRID PLAYER RATINGS : Ronaldo shines as Gameiro and Gabi flounder

@summary
PETE JENSON AT THE BERNABEU : Zidane and Simeone 's battle at the Bernabeu reflected the on-pitch drama

