@title
7,000 miles on two wheels -- in pursuit of love : As Valentine 's Day approaches and thoughts turn to a romantic gesture , here 's one that makes all others look puny

@body
The amazing story of the man who cycled from India to Europe for love
by Per J. Andersson -LRB- Oneworld # 12.99 -RRB-
As Valentine 's Day approaches and thoughts turn to a romantic gesture , here 's one that makes all others look puny .
Pradyumna Kumar , known as PK , was an Indian street artist working in a square in New Delhi when , just after 7pm on the evening of December 17 , 1975 , a blonde Swedish backpacker called Lotta gave him 10 rupees to draw her .
He was so captivated by her loveliness that his hands would n't stop shaking , so he offered to show her around the city .
They were both aged about 20 . Lotta , whose family were landed gentry , had been oddly obsessed with Asia since girlhood .
PK 's parents had been told by the local snake charmer , when he was still a baby , that he would marry a girl from far , far away and that her family would own land . The relationship seemed predestined . Soon , they fell hopelessly , sweetly , chastely in love .
Lotta had to return to her home town , near Gothenburg . She promised to come back quickly , but her mother would n't let her , insisting that she complete her course as a music student .
So PK took a decision , refusing to be intimidated by the geographical divide , even though he was so hazy about Europe he thought Swedes came from Switzerland .
The title of this charming book rather gives away what happened next . Desperate to be reunited with Lotta , but with no chance of raising the air fare or mustering enough for a car , PK embarked on an epic bicycle journey through Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran and Turkey .
In Istanbul , he sold his bike and continued by train to Sweden , where he lives to this day . After nearly 40 years , PK and Lotta are still happily married with two grown-up children . That monumental journey changed his life . And yet it was far from the most daunting challenge he had ever faced .
PK grew up in eastern India , in a remote village on the edge of the rainforest said to have inspired Rudyard Kipling 's Just So stories .
But he was born into a family of so-called Untouchables , those blighted Indians considered social pariahs under the country 's hidebound caste system . He went to a local school , but was forbidden from mixing with the other pupils , so he had to follow lessons from the veranda . At mealtimes , the cook was careful not to let his ladle so much as brush PK 's bowl .
PK 's talent for drawing won him an art scholarship to New Delhi . But the money covered only his education . Pretty soon , penniless and scarred emotionally by his Untouchable status , he decided to end it all . He lay down by a railway track determined to throw himself in front of a train , and might have done , had India 's train drivers not been on strike .
After that tragi-comic moment , things took a dramatic turn for the better . PK sketched Valentina Tereshkova , the Soviet Union 's first female cosmonaut , who was being paraded through the New Delhi streets in an open-top car .
He had n't a clue who she was , but when he thrust his drawing into the car , she asked to meet him .
That unlikely encounter soon yielded others , leading all the way to a commissioned portrait of the prime minister , Mrs Gandhi .
PK had achieved celebrity as an artist , but he was still an Untouchable , compelled to scrape a living on the street . Then came the whirlwind romance with Lotta and the impulsive decision to fulfil the snake charmer 's prophecy and head west -- on a woman 's bike costing 60 rupees -LRB- half the price of a man 's bike -RRB- .
It was a journey repeatedly facilitated by the kindness of strangers , but also fraught with danger and pitfalls .
At the frontier with Pakistan , the police aggressively turned him back , but melted when he drew flattering portraits of them .
Again and again , PK was nothing if not resourceful . In Kabul , he befriended an Australian woman who slept with an embassy official to get him a visa .
At the West German border , curtly informed that he would be deported , he tearfully and winningly appealed to their sense of romance .
In Copenhagen , he almost had second thoughts himself when he saw a young couple French kissing -- in India , someone would have yelled at them and pulled them apart .
But on he went , finally arriving in Gothenburg on May 28 , 1977 . He and Lotta were married in 1979 , two years to the day after the completion of his 7,000-mile journey across continents , lasting almost five months -- all in the name of love .

@summary
Pradyumna Kumar was an Indian street artist working in New Delhi in 1975

@summary
A blonde Swedish backpacker called Lotta gave him 10 rupees to draw her

@summary
He was so captivated by her loveliness that his hands would n't stop shaking

