@title
Revealed : The two surprising ages when we 're at our HAPPIEST -LRB- and why it 's bad news if you 're in your middle years -RRB-

@body
From sweet 16 , to the milestone 21st birthday , to life supposedly beginning at 40 , there are all sorts of theories about the age that signifies you 're in you 're prime .
But now researchers have pinpointed the two ages in adult life when you 're likely to be at your happiest - and they might well surprise you .
According to experts from the London School of Economics and Political Sciences , happiness peaks at the ages of 23 and 69 , My Domaine reported .
To draw this conclusion , researchers questioned 23,000 volunteers , aged 17 to 85 , and found that happiness goes in a U-shape , bottoming out in middle age and peaking again at the other end of the spectrum .
Typically , 23 is an age when many people have finished third level education and are looking forward to starting their careers and earning a real income for the first time , with all the freedoms that brings .
At the age of 69 , a lot of people will be ready to enjoy retirement and have the stresses of raising a family behind them .
But it is n't all bad news for those in the middle , as separate research has identified some crucial steps to take to ensure you 're getting joy out of life at any age .
The advice was produced by Vanessa King , author of 10 Keys To Happier Living and the campaign group Action For Happiness and uses the acronym Great Dream .
Helping others is not only good for them , it also makes us happier and healthier too .
Giving also connects us to others , creating stronger communities and helping to build a happier society for everyone .
And it 's not all about money - we can also give our time , ideas and energy . So if you want to feel good , do good !
Relationships are the most important overall contributor to happiness . People with strong and broad social relationships are happier , healthier and live longer .
Close relationships with family and friends provide love , meaning , support and increase our feelings of self worth .
Broader networks bring a sense of belonging . So taking action to strengthen our relationships and create new connections is essential for happiness .
Our body and our mind are connected . Being active makes us happier as well as being good for our physical health .
It instantly improves our mood and can even lift us out of a depression . We do n't all need to run marathons - there are simple things we can all do to be more active each day .
We can also boost our wellbeing by unplugging from technology , getting outside and making sure we get enough sleep .
Ever felt there must be more to life ? Well good news , there is ! And it 's right here in front of us . We just need to stop and take notice .
Learning to be more mindful and aware can do wonders for our well-being in all areas of life - from our walk to work to the way we eat or our relationships .
It helps us get in tune with our feelings and stops us dwelling on the past or worrying about the future - so we get more out of the day-to-day .
Learning affects our well-being in lots of positive ways . It exposes us to new ideas and helps us stay curious and engaged .
It also gives us a sense of accomplishment and helps boost our self-confidence and resilience . There are many ways to learn new things - not just through formal qualifications .
We can share a skill with friends , join a club , learn to sing , play a new sport and so much more .
Feeling good about the future is important for our happiness . We all need goals to motivate us and these need to be challenging enough to excite us , but also achievable .
If we try to attempt the impossible this brings unnecessary stress .
Choosing ambitious but realistic goals gives our lives direction and brings a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction when we achieve them .
All of us have times of stress , loss , failure or trauma in our lives . But how we respond to these has a big impact on our well-being .
We often can not choose what happens to us , but we can choose our own attitude to what happens .
In practice it 's not always easy , but one of the most exciting findings from recent research is that resilience , like many other life skills , can be learned .
Positive emotions - like joy , gratitude , contentment , inspiration , and pride - are not just great at the time .
Recent research shows that regularly experiencing them creates an ` upward spiral ' , helping to build our resources .
So although we need to be realistic about life 's ups and downs , it helps to focus on the good aspects of any situation - the glass half full rather than the glass half empty .
No-one 's perfect . But so often we compare our insides to other people 's outsides . Dwelling on our flaws - what we 're not rather than what we 've got - makes it much harder to be happy .
Learning to accept ourselves , warts and all , and being kinder to ourselves when things go wrong , increases our enjoyment of life , our resilience and our well-being . It also helps us accept others as they are .
People who have meaning and purpose in their lives are happier , feel more in control and get more out of what they do .
They also experience less stress , anxiety and depression . But where do we find ` meaning and purpose ' ? It might be our religious faith , being a parent or doing a job that makes a difference .
The answers vary for each of us but they all involve being connected to something bigger than ourselves .




@summary
London School of Economics and Political Sciences carried out research

@summary
Surveyed 23,000 adults aged 17 to 85 to identify happiest ages

@summary
Happiness is at its height at the ages of 23 and 69 , but bottoms out in middle age

