@title
Cute or creepy ? Make-up artist divides social media with bizarre new ` feather eyebrow ' trend that has been branded both ` cool ' AND ` gross '

@body
The make-up world has been shaken to its very core by a strange new trend that 's rocking Instagram . Feather eyebrows - brows parted down the middle and held in place with glue - have inspired a slew of intense reactions ; some thrilled , some disgusted .
After a Finnish make-up artist debuted the look in an Instagram post , the now-trend had commenters proclaiming the look as either simply ` brilliant , ' or just plain ` nasty . '
When the initial backlash and praise had settled , the artist followed up with another post , acknowledging the fact that while she originally intended for feather brows to be a joke , she is thankful for both the love and the hate shown for the trend .
The controversial look comes to us from Stella Sironen , a talented Helsinki-based make-up whose Instagram account -LRB- which currently has more than 46,000 followers -RRB- showcases her wide array of abilities .
In particular , Sironen has a masterful command of the eyebrow . Almost all of her photos showcase a sharp , perfectly sculpted brow .
Her go-to brow products include Anastasia Beverly Hills clear brow gel , as well as dip brow pomade by the same brand . For the feather brows , she used a glue stick .
Speaking to Daily Mail Online , Sironen notes that eyebrows are ' a really sensitive and sacred subject for a lot people , especially for the young Instagram generation ' and that despite advances in other make-up techniques , ` brows have remained untouchable for years . '
Sironen credits her friend Leevi Ikäheimo for inventing the look whilst ` he was casually brushing my eyebrows . ' Indeed he created quite the departure from Sironen 's usual look .
` Suddenly he bursted out laughing and I opened my phone front camera just to see that he had made a middle part on my brows . ' Sironen fixed the look with glue , added eyeshadow , and posted a pic to her Instagram account . ` It 's been a wild ride ever since ! ' she says .
The internet had no clue what to make of Sironen 's off-beat look , leaving the comments section of her Instagram totally divided .
Many had trouble wrapping their heads around the unexpected eyebrows , and expressed deep concern about what this look means for the future of ` brows ` round the world .
' I do n't like it and I 'm allowed to say it , ' reads one comment . ` I 'm crying this is not good , ' says another .
` No one is going to go in the streets like that ... come on . '
Meanwhile , the other half of the great brow debate praised Sironen 's creativity and ability to take risks with her look .
` Amazing ! Do n't let anyone stop you ! ' says one supporter of the feather brow look . ` We want a tutorial ! ' demanded a fan .
Sironen does n't let the negative reactions bother her though .
' I love to make people question the norms of make-up , ' she tells us .
Of course , there are also those who feel the look is too far out of their reach to be concerned :
` My brows are too stuck in place to do this , ' reads a comment . And : ' I wish I had enough eyebrow to recreate . '
Perhaps most unexpectedly is that , despite Sironen 's admission the look was intended as a joke , people are already recreating feather eyebrows . The results of these inspired looks can be seen under the Instagram hashtag ' #featherbrows . '
' -LSB- I 'm -RSB- so happy that this fake trend is blowing up and pissing off a lot of closed minded people , ' writes make-up artist Kacy Wilkins in an Instagram post copying Sironen 's look .
Though the trend is just a few days old , one woman has already created a YouTube tutorial featuring feather brows .
Whether or not Sironen 's feather brows were originally intended as a joke , there is no denying that she certainly succeeded in starting a trend .
Sironen tells Daily Mail Online she hopes ` this encourages fellow make-up artists to explore the potential of brow art . '

@summary
Finnish make-up artist Stella Sironen posted the look to Instagram on Sunday

@summary
People were torn whether they loved or loathed this unconventional look

@summary
Though Sironen said the original post was intended as a joke , many are already copying the brows

