@title
England U20 World Cup heroes must now make their mark in the Premier League , says Gareth Southgate

@body
England manager Gareth Southgate has challenged the Under-20 World Cup winners to establish themselves as regulars in the Premier League .
Southgate wants Paul Simpson 's squad to build on the progress they have made at international level by getting more game time for their clubs .
The Young Lions won the trophy in South Korea , a first international title at any level since the senior side lifted the World Cup at Wembley in 1966 , with a 1-0 win over Venezuela courtesy of a goal from Everton 's Dominic Calvert-Lewin .
Dominic Solanke , who recently agreed to join Liverpool from Chelsea , won the tournament 's golden ball award as top player , scoring twice in the 3-1 win over Italy at the semi-final stage .
Newcastle goalkeeper Freddie Woodman saved a penalty to keep the lead over Venezuela intact but spent last season on loan at Scottish Premiership side Kilmarnock as his parent club won the Championship .
Of England 's winning squad , Bournemouth 's Lewis Cook - the captain of the team - played a total of 431 minutes for the Cherries last season .
In total the 13 players who featured against Venezuela played 1,094 Premier League minutes between them last season - equivalent to about 12 full matches .
Southgate believes it is vital for the whole squad to make their mark at club level to build on their title win in Suwon .
He said : ' A lot of these lads have dipped their toes in the water at first-team level . The responsibility is over to them , what they can do next .
` You can never stand still as a young player , there 's always another challenge for you . Equally , I think when you win a tournament like that it shows everybody that we 've got good young players .
` Without an opportunity for therm to go and show that at first-team level , then it 's very difficult to progress . '
Southgate revealed England 's success in South Korea had come on the back of a change in emphasis over the types of games played by the England age level teams .
He said : ' A couple of years ago we made a big decision to improve the games programme to give our younger teams better experience of playing teams from around the world .
READ : Sportsmail looks at the starlets that shone for England and asks whether they can break through next season .
` At the time it was a bit controversial , at under-16 level we only ever played the Victory Shield which was Ireland , Scotland and Wales but we felt it was important that those sorts of games are the types of games that our kids get every week at their clubs .
` We needed to go and play the likes of Brazil , Mexico , Argentina and so on . '
That preparation paid off as England 's Under-20s played away against Mexico , a team they also came up against in South Korea .
` This group that won last week , in the last year they went out to Mexico and ended up playing Mexico in the quarter-final . Two months ago they went out to South Korea .
' I think we 've managed to expose them to a good-quality games programme . We 've been able to see they are at that level . '
Southgate gave the example of his own experience as the first time he faced a side from Brazil was at senior level .
` When I was a senior player , playing against Brazil was the first experience I 'd ever had of running out against them , ' he added .
` Our younger players are used to playing against these guys and have the confidence they need .
` Now they have won a trophy , not only does that give them belief but it sets a good example for those that follow . They have to try and strive to reach those levels . '


@summary
HOW IT HAPPENED : Sportsmail reports as England U20 triumph in South Korea

@summary
Gareth Southgate wants the England U20 heroes to play Premier League games

@summary
The starlets face a tough task breaking into their respective teams next season

@summary
Southgate believes it is vital for the whole squad to make their mark at club level

