@title
EXCLUSIVE - Revealed : England football hooligan jailed for pushing a Polish stranger onto Tube tracks played rugby with Prince Harry

@body
Before he was consumed by a vicious rage during the Euro2016 football violence , Christopher Cole was trying to turn his life around .
The financial analyst turned football hooligan , who has 19 convictions for violence , was playing rugby with Prince Harry at a charity match for ex-cons in March .
Sitting on the grass with muddy knees and a look of steely determination , the 32-year-old posed for a photo with his School of Hard Knocks charity teammates .
In the middle of the back row , wearing a beanie hat , Prince Harry displayed his customary grin after training with the offenders and their coaches at Millwall Rugby Club .
But three months later , Cole was caught up in the hooligan violence of Euro2016 and in a fit of rage pushed a Polish builder on to Tube tracks , thinking he was a Russian ultra .
He was yesterday jailed for 10 years for the shocking attack on David Pietraszek at London 's Bond Street Station on 9 June .

Mr Pietraszek , 21 , put Cole in a headlock when the drunken yob was being abusive to other passengers on the Central Line .
CCTV captured Cole , who has 18 previous convictions for violence , follow Mr Pietraszek before shoving him off a Jubilee Line platform just 34 seconds before a train arrived .
The victim said he could feel electricity coursing through his body and hear the train thundering towards him .
His life may have been saved by his rubber soled boots which stopped electricity coursing through his feet and he managed to pull himself to safety 30 seconds before the train pulled into the station .
He was taken to St Mary 's Hospital with a broken finger and bruising to his back so severe it was initially thought to be burns .
Cole , who had been working as a labourer at the time after losing his job in the city , told police : ' I should n't have tried to do the country 's work . '
The Old Bailey heard how he did n't want England to be seen as ` wussies ' following the violent flare-ups between Brits and Russians that marred the early stages of Euro 2016 .
Prosecutor Deanna Heer said said Cole had been drinking after work in the City earlier in the day .
The victim had been returning from work at a building site and had been sitting in a carriage wearing earphones when the trouble began .
When they got to Shepherd 's Bush , the Cole appeared to be ` shouting and behaving aggressively ' towards other passengers and Mr Pietraskzek told him to calm down and go home .
In response , Cole adopted a boxer stance and Mr Pietraskzek put him in a headlock as he continued to scream .
The court was shown CCTV of the pair making their way through the station , with Cole pretending to leave but then running down an ascending escalator to pursue the victim on to the platform .
Ms Heer said : ` He thought Mr Pietraszek was Russian and was upset over the behaviour of Russian fans at the international tournament in France and that was playing on his mind .
` He said English people have a reputation for being wussies and everyone else who comes here thinks they can do what they want .
` He said he did n't like the idea of Mr Pietraszek laughing with his friends about what he had done to an Englishman .
` He also mentioned someone wearing a poppy being stabbed in Leytonstone , the Lee Rigby killing and Britain leaving the EU . '
She added : ` The voltage is sufficient to cause a fatal shock . He clearly touched the rail and falls against it .
` What saved him was his footwear because he had rubber soles .
` Mr Pietraskzek says he landed on the rail , felt electricity coming through his body , he could hear a train approaching .
` He had the presence of mind to get back on the platform as quickly as possible . '

Cole , from Shepherd 's Bush , denied attempted murder , but admitted attempting to cause grievous bodily harm at the Old Bailey .
Cole ran off but was arrested last July . He admitted the incident in a police interview but said he only meant to cause embarrassment for his ` bruised ego ' .
He said he had drunk wine and three pints of beer after work before boarding the London Underground .
He said he was annoyed at Mr Pietraskzek 's attitude , acting as if he ` owned the Tube ' .
The defendant said he thought he was Russian and was upset about the Russian football fans in Euro 2016 .
Cole gave police in court the thumbs up and said ` cheers ' after Judge Richard Hone QC sentenced him to ten years ' imprisonment .
` Your interview does you absolutely no credit at all and you appear to be admitting you were acting in revenge or retaliation for some absurd idea you were in some way upholding the reputation of this country , which is completely absurd , ' the judge told him .
` What you did to the victim has had an ongoing and lasting effect because he is still unable to return to full time work . He has suffered both financial and psychological harm .
` Although the injuries are a fractured finger and very serious bruises , the shock of being cast onto a live electrical line and feeling the electricity run through his body and not knowing whether it was going to kill him or not does place this at the top of the scale .
` What you did , as we can see on the CCTV was really shocking . '
The prosecutor said : ` On 9 June the victim entered Ealing Broadway Station at 9pm travelling home from work . '
` The defendant got on at North Acton , appeared to be drunk and was abusing other passengers . '
` The victim held him in a headlock before letting him go and the defendant sat back down . '
` The defendant then got off the train and followed the victim to the Jubilee Line .
` Mr Cole then attempted to pull the victim towards the escalators but the victim broke free .
` He then ran up behind him and pushed him with force in the middle of his back so the victim ended up in the middle of the tracks .
` The victim said he could feel electricity travelling through his body and could hear a train coming .
` Somehow he managed to pull himself back onto the platform . '
The whole incident was captured on CCTV and Cole 's saliva was found on Mr Pietraszek 's t-shirt .
Cole had a warrant out for his arrest for not showing up at Ipswich Crown Court for assaulting his partner at the time of the attack on Mr Pietrasek .
Peter Spary , for Cole , insisted his client 's behaviour was not racially motivated .
` It was motivated because , in effect , his manhood was dented , ' he added .

@summary
Christopher Cole pushed Polish builder David Pietraszek on to tracks in June

@summary
He thought he was a Russian ultra and wanted revenge for Euro2016 violence

@summary
He was yesterday jailed for 10 years for the shocking attack , his 19th conviction

@summary
In March , Cole played rugby with Prince Harry in a charity event for ex-cons

