@title
Tottenham striker Harry Kane aiming to retain golden boot and fire Spurs to Premier League and FA Cup glory

@body
Striker Harry Kane has half an eye on retaining the Premier League 's ` golden boot ' as a confident Tottenham Hotspur focus on delivering a league and FA Cup double .
Spurs , who have won their last eight games in all competitions , face league leaders Chelsea in Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .
At an individual level Kane , the league 's top scorer last season , trails Belgium international Romelu Lukaku of Everton by four goals with six Premier League games to play .
The 23-year-old England international became the first Spurs player since Jimmy Greaves in 1969 to hit 20 goals in three successive top-flight seasons after netting in the club 's 4-0 win over Bournemouth last weekend .
After the FA Cup semi-final , Spurs will shift focus to the league , where they trail Chelsea by four points , ahead of a trip across London to Crystal Palace on April 26 .
Spurs last won the English league title back in 1961 .
Kane said on the club website that Spurs must focus on maintaining their momentum heading into a difficult run of fixtures , which includes home games against fifth-placed Manchester United and North London rivals Arsenal .
Romelu Lukaku -LRB- Everton -RRB- - 24
Harry Kane -LRB- Tottenham -RRB- - 20
Alexis Sanchez -LRB- Arsenal -RRB- - 19
Zlatan Ibrahimovic -LRB- Man United -RRB- - 17
Diego Costa -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- - 17
Sergio Aguero -LRB- Man City -RRB- - 17
Dele Alli -LRB- Tottenham -RRB- - 16
` We 've some tough games coming up - -LRB- Crystal -RRB- Palace away , Leicester away , Arsenal and -LRB- Manchester -RRB- United here but we 're feeling good , we 're feeling confident , ' he said .
` Every game we go into we feel like we 're going to score goals and defensively we 're keeping clean sheets , so that 's what we 've got to try to maintain until the end of the season . '
Kane is also hoping to keep his own momentum going after Lukaku 's 24th league goal of the campaign in Everton 's 3-1 victory over Burnley meant he matched Dixie Dean 's 1934 record of scoring in nine consecutive home league games .
` As a striker you want to be top scorer in the league , no doubt about it , ' Kane said .
' I left a couple out there I probably should have scored , Lukaku has been doing well and it 's a good competition but the main thing is we 're winning games .
` I 've a little eye on the run-in and if I can get a few more , we 'll see what happens , ' Kane added .

@summary
Harry Kane has set himself the goal of retaining the Golden Boot trophy this year

@summary
Kane currently trails Everton 's Romelu Lukaku by four goals in the scoring stakes

@summary
Tottenham are set to face Chelsea in a crunch FA Cup semi-final clash

@summary
The North London club are also firmly in the hunt for the Premier League title

