@title
Manchester United 2-1 Anderlecht AET -LRB- agg : 3-2 -RRB- - PLAYER RATINGS : Luke Shaw shows Jose Mourinho what he 's been missing as Marcus Rashford shines in extra-time at Old Trafford

@body
Manchester United successfully navigated their passage through to the semi-finals of the Europa League on Thursday night .
Marcus Rashford scored the winner in extra-time after Anderlecht had equalised through Sofiane Hanni following Henrikh Mkhitaryan 's opener .

Sportsmail 's CHRIS WHEELER was present to assess the individual performances of both sets of players .
MANCHESTER UNITED -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB-
Sergio Romero 6.5 - The Argentine looked solid again on his ninth appearance in 12 Europa League games this season but had had little chance with Hanni 's equaliser after Tielemans hit the bar .
Antonio Valencia : 6 - Did n't get forward nearly as much as he would like because he had enough on his plate with the tricky Acheampong .
Eric Bailly 7 - United 's defensive linchpin in the absence of Smalling and Jones , and he stepped up to the plate again here after Rojo joined the list of injured centre-backs . Hardly put a foot wrong .
Marcos Rojo 6 - Hurt his left leg in an early challenge with Chipciu . Tried to continue but was carried off almost immediately in the 17th minute after nearly letting in Acheampong for a goal .
Luke Shaw 7 - This is what United have been missing from the young England left-back . Shaw 's overlapping runs down the left caused Anderlecht all sorts of problems and should have been rewarded with a goal . More solid in defence too .
Michael Carrick 6 - Typically steady performance from the United skipper which allowed Pogba to break forward at every opportunity , but found himself outnumbered by the excellent Tielemans and Dendoncker at times .
Henrikh Mkhitaryan 6.5 - Continued his impressive scoring record in Europe with goal No. 5 but went off the boil after that . Should have scored another before half-time but was well wide of the target .
Jesse Lingard 5.5 - A little subdued and the first United player to be replaced . Had a great curling effort turned away in the first half and could n't quite get on the end of Shaw 's cross in the second with the goal gaping .
Paul Pogba 6 - Played a great throughball to Rashford in the build-up to the opening goal but struggled to impose himself after that and was guilty of a glaring miss from eight yards out late in the second half . Had the ball in the net in extra-time but it was ruled out for a foul by Fellaini .
Marcus Rashford 8 - The youngster came up with another big goal for United after his excellent performance against Chelsea . His powerful running was a strong feature again but his finishing let him down until extra-time when he took over from Ibrahimovic down the middle and fired the winner .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic 5 - Limped off after jarring his right knee in the last action of normal time . Capped a miserable night for the Swede after last week 's ponderous showing in Brussels . Twice in the second half he only had the keeper to beat and failed .
Subs : Blind 5.5 -LRB- for Rojo , 23 -RRB- Fellaini 6.5 -LRB- for Lingard , 60 -RRB- Martial 6 -LRB- for Ibrahimovic , 91 -RRB-
Not used : de Gea , Herrera , Martial , Rooney , Young
ANDERLECHT -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB-
Ruben 7 ; Appiah 5 , Mbodji 6.5 , Spajic 5.5 , Obradovic 6.5 ; Tielemans 7 , Dendoncker 6.5 ; Chipciu 6 -LRB- Bruno 64 , 6 -RRB- , Hanni 7 -LRB- Stanciu 64 , 6 -RRB- , Acheampong 7 ; Teodorczyk 6.5 -LRB- Thelin 79 , 6 -RRB- .

Not used : Boeckx , Capel , Deschacht , Nuytinck


@summary
Marcus Rashford scored the winning goal to put United into the semi-finals

@summary
Sportsmail runs the rule over the individual performances of the players

@summary
READ : Martin Samuel 's Sportsmail match report from Old Trafford

@summary
AS IT HAPPENED : Relive United 's Europa League clash against Anderlecht

