@title
Leicester fired up to beat the odds again and defeat Atletico Madrid to reach Champions League semi-finals

@body
Not for the first time , Leicester City are tasked with confounding bookmakers as well as beating opponents . Atletico Madrid are widely touted at 1/10 to progress to the Champions League semi-finals . Leicester ? 5/1 . A big price in a two-horse race .
The message from those who compile odds is clear : Leicester 's remarkable run ends here . Diego Simeone 's team , twice finalists in the last three years , are too wily , too experienced , too good to let a 1-0 lead dissolve at the King Power Stadium .
But Craig Shakespeare knows better than anyone of Leicester 's capacity to upend expectations . As the only 5,000 / 1 shots ever to bring punters profit , belief will always remain fully-stocked at this club and Shakespeare is certainly giving that impression .


` They 've got it wrong in the past , let 's hope they 've got it wrong again , ' Shakespeare said when told of the bookmakers ' opinions . ` We know we start as underdogs because of the history of Madrid but we are comfortable with that . We know what we have to do . Let 's hope we earn people a few bob . '
Defender Christian Fuchs also believes that while Atletico have the know-how , Leicester have the motivation that comes from this , in all likelihood , being their only chance in this competition .
In tight moments , desperation might be the trump card .
` We might never be here again , ' Fuchs said . ` It is something very special to us , we are small Leicester City and playing in the Champions League . It is already great . Being in the quarter-finals is outstanding . We just enjoy the time we have . We try to give everything to be successful . '


One thing is guaranteed : the atmosphere in this ground that has seen so much will be rocking . Against Sevilla , supporters group Union FS unfurled their ` Dogs of War ' banner to cause a stir and this time the club themselves are understood to have plans for special additions to the pre-match fanfare .
Whatever the ferocity of the locals , Simeone has pointed out his side does have one specific advantage . ` I always say to UEFA , the team playing away second gets 30 more minutes for one of those really important away goals should it go to extra-time . The game will be decided on the smallest of details . '
A major cause of optimism is Wes Morgan 's return to full training after being out injured since the last Champions League fixture at this ground on March 14 . Morgan scored the opening goal in that pulsating win over Sevilla and with Robert Huth suspended , the Leicester captain 's presence would boost his team 's potential for overturning another first-leg deficit . Shakespeare will make a final decision on whether Morgan starts on the morning of the game but sounded positive .
` With this type of injury , a back nerve problem , we want to make sure there is no reaction , ' said the Leicester manager . ` Wes has trained the last three sessions , and the intensity has been greater in each one . I 'm really pleased in how he has progressed . '


Tempering this buoyancy are the stats . Atletico have won 10 and drawn five of their last 21 Champions League away games . Of the six they lost none was by more than a goal . That includes last season 's semi-final progression past Bayern Munich . A 2-1 defeat was good enough after winning the first leg 1-0 at home .
In the last three seasons only Real Madrid have stopped their city rivals in this competition , with Barcelona twice victims of Simeone 's side . Having failed to register a shot on target in the Vicente Calderon , Shakespeare knows Leicester must adjust tactics to avoid the same fate .
` Offensively we need to create more , we have to get a goal back , ' said Shakespeare . ` But by the same token we have to deny them space because they are a very good counter-attacking team . We are at home , we need to be more forceful than we were , but respectful of the opposition as well . There are different ways and we 'll see if we 've found a solution .
` A lot of the work has been done in the classroom rather than out on the grass . We will be ready mentally , physically and tactically . '
Switching on to Antoine Griezmann is vital . In the first leg Europe 's most coveted striker took advantage of space at a Leicester attack to break and win the penalty that divides these teams . Shakespeare said he has not ` harped on ' about the fact the referee 's call was wrong but Fuchs admitted the episode had given Leicester 's defenders insight .
` Griezmann 's movement on the pitch is amazing , always finding the pockets and between the lines , ' he admitted . ` It 's hard as defenders as you do n't know whether to push up or stay back . I think in the second half we adjusted well to that and it 's something we 'll definitely learn from . '
It will be the bookmakers learning a lesson if Leicester can beat the odds again .


@summary
Leicester City face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals

@summary
Foxes go into the game trailing by a goal after losing 1-0 in the Spanish capital

@summary
Craig Shakespeare hopes the Premier League winners can spring another shock

@summary
The Leicester manager said on Monday : ` Let 's hope we earn people a few bob '

