@title
Manchester United ban players posting on social media from inside changing rooms after Ander Herrera receives warning

@body
Manchester United 's stars are warned not to publish pictures inside club dressing rooms on social media .
Ander Herrera was the latest to be reminded of the rules last week after uploading a short clip of him thrusting a cake in Juan Mata 's face to celebrate his team-mate 's 29th birthday .
Jose Mourinho insists stars steer clear of social media activity shot in their inner sanctum , with Jesse Lingard and Paul Pogba rebuked for uploading a video of the pair dancing at Carrington .
Scroll down for video
The reason for that stems from a picture during Louis van Gaal 's reign effectively leaking injury news , with one player in the background of the frame receiving treatment .
United 's stance has been no social media activity while on club duty - including in hotels - although Mourinho does understand the ever-changing nature of social media .
The Portuguese created an Instagram account when replacing Van Gaal last summer and does admit that completely clamping down on his players would represent a thankless task .
Anthony Martial , for example , is one who frequently posts on matchdays via his social media team .
Mourinho does enforce that nobody reveals details of injuries before the club announce them . A lack of pictures from the team bus have been noticeable after that infamous Snapchat while United were held up on the way to play West Ham in the final weeks of last season .
Assistant manager Rui Faria was also furious at Luke Shaw for recording a video of him training at home back in November , with that viewed as a dig at his boss a week after not travelling to Swansea through injury .


@summary
Man United players will be reprimanded if they publish on social media from inside the club dressing rooms

@summary
Rule came after Ander Herrera was given verbal warning after Instagram clip of him pretending to throw birthday cake into Juan Mata 's face

@summary
Jesse Lingard and Paul Pogba were also told off earlier in the season

