@title
Sport 's insidious message , again and again , is that the cheater is also a victim ... Maria Sharapova must stop sneers and dig deep for our respect

@body
A matter of hours after her drugs ban ended , tennis rushed Maria Sharapova back into its cloistered world last week as if it were a convent refrocking a pregnant nun .
Little wonder that within a couple of days she was feeling superior enough to sneer her way through a press conference with the condescension of a woman smiting the unworthy with unspotted righteousness .
Like many athletes who have served drugs bans , Sharapova and her sport have mastered the art of pretending it never happened . Or rather , that a great injustice has been done and that she is returning like an avenging angel come to seek redress . She has come back to us , in her own mind , not as a villain but a heroine .
And so , when an English journalist , dispatched to Stuttgart to report on her return to competition , had the temerity to introduce himself at her press conference , she appeared to ignore the 15-month ban she just sat out for the use of Mildronate , the brand name of meldonium -- a drug scientists say is performance-enhancing -- and grew haughty and disdainful .
` Oh God , ' she said , with a mixture of weariness , hauteur and exasperation , when the reporter began to ask his question . You see , that 's another thing about athletes coming back from drugs bans ; they seem to be under the impression that it is impertinent to ask them about what they did . Their attitude is that it is an imposition they do not deserve .
Eyebrows are raised when journalists raise the subject as if it is unfair and rather beastly . There is rarely any sense that , actually , people such as Sharapova ought to be working damned hard to regain public trust . There is rarely any acknowledgement that she and her like have forfeited their right not to be asked awkward questions .
Sharapova denies any wrong-doing , claims she took Mildronate for various health issues and failed to notice that it had been added to the WADA banned list . Last year , the Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld her appeal and reduced her ban from two years to 15 months . It was a reduction but hardly an act of exoneration .
Sport is a scene from Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , where it is much nicer just to forget bad things ever happened . There are plenty of people eager to be complicit in that and to try to enforce it : tournament organisers , sponsors , lawyers , marketing executives , agents and a phalanx of fawning journalists always ready to laugh obediently when other reporters ask inconvenient questions and the Sharapovas of this world shoot them down .
Anyway , casting doubt on whether his paper had ever sent him to cover the Stuttgart tournament before this , Sharapova went full sneer when he confirmed it was indeed his first time . ` First time , ' she said , with a thin smile that said she thought she had proved her point . ` Wow . Virgins . '
The truth , of course , is that Sharapova 's return to tennis was part of a sad , cynical circus designed precisely to attract journalists who had never been to Stuttgart before to the event .
They wanted to use Sharapova 's charming turn of phrase , virgins . They wanted a wider audience . They wanted anybody they could get . They wanted maximum publicity . Maximum publicity equals maximum cash . To continue Sharapova 's sexual analogy , her return from the suspension was a sponsor 's wet dream . That 's why Stuttgart tailored its schedule so she could play her first match the day after her ban expired . Talk about indecent haste .
That 's what we always do . We go out of our way to make athletes who have served drugs bans feel welcome again . We roll out the red carpet . We dole out wildcard entries like confetti , paving the road back with gold , making it easy . And we engage in an unspoken pact -- or , in some cases , a formal agreement -- never to mention the subject .
We allow a system to endure where sports pay lip service to the war on drugs until one of their own is caught , whereupon they indulge in a ferocious damage-limitation exercise that often makes its first port of call trying to destroy the credibility of testers or targeting the journalists who brought the story to light .
Sport 's insidious message , again and again , is that the cheater is also a victim . That is why some sports cover up failed tests . That is why some sports say a man has pulled a hamstring and will be out for a few months when the truth is he has failed a drugs test . And , as we are supine fools , we accept this .
That is why other sports might say a competitor is dealing with ` personal issues ' to explain an absence when they have failed a drugs test . We would not have known , for instance , about Lizzie Armitstead 's missed tests before the Rio Olympics had my colleague Matt Lawton not discovered the facts . What does that say about these sports that they ca n't handle the idea of us knowing the truth ?
Even now , many sports still do their utmost to avoid transparency . So when Sharapova , 30 , was asked last week if she had found a permitted alternative medication to Mildronate , which she said she had taken to combat medical conditions , she was evasive .
` That information is between myself , the Women 's Tennis Association and the orthopaedic doctor I 'm working with now , ' said Sharapova .
Many questioned why an orthopaedic doctor -- normally someone who specialises in muscles and bones -- would be the right person to advise on her cardiac irregularities and history of family diabetes . But there is a wider point here . Why is that information between her and the WTA ? Is tennis serious about transparency in this field or not ? Neither the sport nor Sharapova seems to have grasped that . Why the secrecy ?
Look , I favour giving athletes second chances , even those , like Sharapova , who have served drugs bans . All of us make mistakes and to seek redemption can be an inspiring part of modern sport .
What I find hard to accept is denial . And looking the other way . And public relations people and lawyers trying to massage the truth . And sportsmen and women who have served drugs bans failing to show any contrition , much less any humility .
The 2014 Wimbledon ladies ' singles finalist , Eugenie Bouchard , spoke for many last week when she dismissed Sharapova as ` a cheater ' . ` From the WTA it sends the wrong message to young kids : cheat and we 'll welcome you back with open arms , ' said Bouchard . ` I do n't think that 's right and she 's not someone I can say I look up to any more . '
Sharapova patronised her , too . She said she was ` so above ' responding to Bouchard . Maybe somebody should tell her that she is not above anything any more . Bouchard is right : it is a lot harder to look up to her now . As far as earning trust goes , Sharapova is starting from the bottom .
Joey Barton did not contest the fact that he was guilty of betting on English football matches .
It would have been nice if the Football Association , who imposed a swingeing 18-month ban on the Burnley midfielder , had been as forthright about their own failings .
The FA rake in a lot of money from their sponsorship deal with Ladbrokes , so the idea they have any authority to rail about the evils of gambling is a bad joke . They put money first . Their hold on principle has become tenuous in the extreme .
Some have sought to excuse Ilie Nastase for his remarks , speculating about the colour of Serena Williams 's unborn child . ` It was just banter , ' was the general tenor of one particularly risible attempt at mitigation .
If you do n't mind , I 'll stick with Lewis Hamilton , who read Williams 's statement deploring Nastase 's words and found it an inspiring example of the strength of an independent woman .

@summary
It was as though a great injustice had been done and she was a returning angel

@summary
Maria Sharapova then insulted a reporter at one of her press conferences

@summary
Joey Barton accepted his guilt in betting scandal ... when will FA do the same ?

