@title
This is what 53 looks like : Natural beauty business owner Catkin Bodmer reveals her secrets for looking young

@body
Catkin Bodmer lives in Petworth , West Sussex , with her husband and three children .
After a career in PR , she recently created her own natural beauty business , BRYT skincare -LRB- brytskincare.co.uk -RRB- .
CLEANSE , NOURISH , PROTECT
This is my mantra . If you have good , healthy skin , everything else falls into place : it is the ultimate beauty backdrop . To look after my skin , I hardly ever wear foundation and follow this simple three-step formula .
First , after removing any eye make-up , I wash my face with a 100 per cent natural cleanser . Second , I rehydrate with a nourishing serum , before finishing with a moisturising day and night cream .
BROCCOLI FOR BREAKFAST
I 've always loved my signature long , thick hair and believe that a healthy diet is key to maintaining its quality with age . I start the day with broccoli for breakfast : it is rich in the Vitamin A , Vitamin C and calcium that strengthen and add shine to hair follicles .
Plenty of beauty foods are easy to snack on -- my favourites are Brazil nuts , an excellent source of selenium , which stimulates hair growth .
DRESS YOUR MOOD
When choosing my clothing , I find that bold , quirky colours help me look and feel my best . My favourite outfit is an L.K. Bennett dress in vibrant orange : this is a colour that signifies happiness and I feel so positive when I wear it .
If I need to feel strong -- at work , for example -- I also like to wear a striking purple , which is traditionally a regal colour . However , for an energy boost , nothing beats green : a symbol of growth and rejuvenation .
GO DANCING
It is so important to have fun : my children ca n't believe how often I go out at my age , but I take immaturity as a compliment ! Do n't give in to your age , do what you want .
For me , this might mean going out for a glass of wine or a dance with friends -- we laugh a lot and have a good time . Dancing is also great exercise and releases happy hormones . With this outlook on life , I 'm 53 but feel more young and carefree than I did in my 20s .
CALM COOKING
Stress when not channelled , ages us horribly . To stay youthful , I love to take time out of my day to be mindful . I find that the most achievable way to do so is to integrate this attitude into my daily routine : cooking is my meditation .
Each day , I prepare home-made dinners for my family : I find this ritual deeply relaxing , as it takes my mind off everything else .

@summary
Catkin Bodmer lives in Petworth , West Sussex , with her husband

@summary
After a career in PR , she recently created her own natural beauty business

@summary
Do you look good for your age ? Tell us your secret at inspire@dailymail.co.uk

