@title
Airline scrambles to pull some pilots and flight attendants from US flights after Trump order bans certain crew members from entry

@body
Emirates airline has had to change flight attendant and pilot rosters on services to the United States following the sudden U.S. travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries , an airline spokeswoman said Sunday .
` The recent change to the U.S. entry requirements for nationals of 7 countries applies to all travelers and flight operations crew , ' the spokeswoman said in emailed comments .
` We have made the necessary adjustments to our crewing , to comply with the latest requirements . '
Based in Dubai , Emirates flies daily into 11 U.S. cities including New York , Washington D.C. and Los Angeles .
A separate spokeswoman later said the impact of the roster changes on the airline would be minimal due to its diverse workforce .
Emirates , the world 's largest long-haul airline , employs over 23,000 flight attendants and around 4,000 pilots from around the world including from the U.S. , Europe and Middle East , the spokeswoman said .
The airline is owned by the government of Dubai , part of a Muslim-majority confederation , and U.S. ally , the United Arab Emirates .
Etihad Airways , based in the UAE 's Abu Dhabi , did not immediately comment on the impact of the ban on its flight crew .
A Qatar Airways spokeswoman directed questions to a statement on its website that said passengers would need a green card or diplomatic visa to enter the U.S. Emirates and Etihad have a similar statement on their websites .
President Donald Trump signed an order on Friday suspending the entry of people from Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen for at least 90 days .
The ban caught the airline industry off guard , according to the International Air Transport Association .
Airlines also stand to lose business : for instance , around 35,000 travelers from Iran visited the United States in 2015 , according to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security .
On Saturday , Emirates said that a ` very small number ' of its passengers travelling had been affected by the ban .
Emirates ` continues to comply with the guidance provided to us by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection ' and U.S. flights are operating to schedule , the airline said on Sunday .

@summary
Emirates airline has had to change flight crew rosters on services to the US

@summary
Says some pilots , flight attendants are affected by Trump entry ban on citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries

@summary
Dubai-based airline operates flights into 11 US cities

@summary
Ban caught the airline industry off guard , according to industry group

