@title
Burger King workers are arrested for selling cannabis to drive-thru customers who used the code words ` extra crispy fries '

@body
Two Burger King workers have been arrested for selling cannabis to drive-thru customers - who used the code words ` extra crispy fries ' to order the drugs .
Manager Meagan Dearborn , 19 , and worker Garrett Norris , 20 , were collared after a police sting on the burger joint in Epping , New Hampshire on January 21 .
Cops had received a tip off that the pair were selling cannabis to customers by passing them bags of the drug at the drive-thru when they asked for ` fries , extra crispy ' .
The drugs were put in empty coffee cups and handed to customers at the burger chain , which changed its 40-year-old slogan from ` Have it Your Way ' to ` Be Your Way ' in 2014 .
Police Chief Michael Wallace said customers pulled up at the eatery and asked for ` nasty boy ' - Norris 's nickname - and then asked for a side order of extra crispy fries .
He said that on the night of the undercover operation , one of his officers ordered the side order of fries and was handed a cup of coffee with cannabis in .
He added : ` We do n't know how long it 's been going on . '
Dearborn told local papers she had ` no idea ' about the operation , saying : ' I did n't know what was going on , but since I took the order and gave them the food they charged me .
` Basically there was an undercover cop that one of my employees sold to and I took the order and I got arrested . '
Norris was charged with possession of a controlled drug with intent to distribute and Dearborn was charged with conspiracy to distribute a controlled drug - with both due before the courts on February 28 .
Bosses at Burger King have not yet commented on the arrests .



@summary
Manager Meagan Dearborn , 19 , and worker Garrett Norris , 20 , were held by cops

@summary
Police launched a sting operation at the burger joint in Epping , New Hampshire

@summary
Drugs were put in empty coffee cups and handed to customers at the drive-thru

