@title
Touching moment nine-year-old bursts into TEARS when his great-grandfather surprises him with tickets for a football cup final at Wembley

@body
This is the moment a football-mad youngster burst into tears after his great-grandfather presented him with surprise tickets for a cup final at Wembley .
Louis Klimek , nine , thought he was going to watch Oxford United 's Checkatrade Trophy final against Coventry City on television until 80-year-old Douglas Prowse stunned the child with tickets to the famous stadium .
Louis ' adorable reaction , in which he initially runs away from Douglas in shock and then weeps as he says thank you , was caught on camera by his mother Rachel .
The Oxford fans were among 74,434 inside Wembley to witness their team 's 2-1 defeat on April 2 - but even that could n't dampen Louis ' spirit .
The boy 's mother , 30 , from Banbury , Oxfordshire , said : ` Seeing Louis 's reaction knowing how much he loves the sport - it was amazing . We did n't even expect him to be like that to be honest .
` Obviously , it was a really big match . We managed to get tickets but we wanted to surprise Louis as we knew that it would mean more to him on the day .
` So we asked my granddad to give them to him - we knew that it would mean a lot more coming from him , since he 's obviously such a big Oxford United supporter .
` He loves any football team . He knows where they are in all the league tables , and he knows all the players for the teams . Football is all he talks about with his great-grandad .
` Whenever we see them all they talk about is how Liverpool or Oxford are doing . It 's very much football-orientated for them both to be honest .
` Once at Wembley , he was just amazed . He just kept saying how amazed he was , and how big it was .
` It was quite surreal for him , a 9-year old , to be able to go there - he had a smile on his face all day , bless him , so he did really enjoy it . '
Louis was visiting London for the weekend with Rachel , his father Chris , a 35-year-old tiler , and little brother Alfie , five .
Life-long Oxford supporter Douglas , who now lives in Shepherd 's Bush but travels back to Oxford for every home game , was waiting for Louis in a pub to present him with the tickets .
Rachel , a primary school kitchen manager , said : ` He 's been to Anfield , he 's seen Liverpool play , but I think it was quite different .
` He said that it was amazing - he had a smile on his face all day bless him , so he did really enjoy it .
' I think it was just excitement when he got there . I think it was a disbelief as well . It was emotional for everyone .

` With all the colour and the noise , I do n't think Louis had seen anything like it before . In the end , the result did n't even matter . '


@summary
Louis Klimek thought he was going to watch Checkatrade final on television

@summary
Great-grandfather Douglas Prowse stunned the child with tickets to the stadium

@summary
Louis ' adorable reaction was caught on camera by his mother Rachel

