@title
` Thanks for ruining it for the kids ' : Sunday Brunch viewers left infuriated as Tim Lovejoy and Karen Elson reveal beloved festive toy ` Elf On The Shelf ' is not real

@body
Sunday Brunch hosts infuriated parents after revealing that traditional festive toy ` The Elf On The Shelf ' is not real , despite the daytime show being family-themed .
Host Tim Lovejoy had been discussing the popular Christmas tradition with the Channel 4 show 's guests and revealed he had ` bought ' it for his daughter during the festive season .
` The Elf on the Shelf ' is a popular toy bought by parents to watch over their children , to make sure they are being well-behaved before Christmas .

Scroll down for video
The toy began as a children 's book in the US in 2005 - and each day in December , parents place the elf in different parts of the house so it pops up somewhere new when their children wake up in the morning .
Singer Karen Elson then revealed that she was a fan of the festive toy , but no longer got to do it as her kids are now ` too old to believe ' in it .
Many fans watching at home were left outraged and claimed the duo had ` ruined ' the notion of ` Elf On The Shelf ' for their children .
Tim had initially kicked off the conversation by saying : ` There 's this thing at Christmas called Elf on the Shelf . Have you heard of that ? '
Karen replied : ` I 've done it for a few years , but my kids are too old now they do n't believe in the Elf on the Shelf anymore ... sadly . '
Viewers claimed that their kids had been watching Sunday Brunch with them when the tradition had been discussed and parents were left reeling as Tim and Karen suggested live on air it is not real .
One viewer commented : ` Ca n't believe you just told my kids about elf on the shelf !!! Home wrecker , ' before adding : ` My kids are asking so many questions . '

Another tweeted : ` Ca n't believe you said -LSB- this -RSB- on air . I have kids watching ... please be careful about what you say live on tv ... '
While a third vented : ` Thanks for ruining #elfonashelf for my 8 year old watching this morning #Sundaybrunch . '
That was n't the only moment on Sunday 's broadcast that had caused a backlash on social media .
Tim and his co-host Simon Rimmer had been joined by a trio of cute looking lambs on the show .
At first , the baby animals had viewers cooing over them on Twitter , but they were later left ` put off ' by their dinner as conversation on the show turned to cooking the lambs for meat .
The Easter-themed segment left viewers upset as they penned : ` Having a segment with a gorgeous little lamb ... shame everyone 's gon na be eating his brothers and sisters later .
' @SundayBrunchC4 thanks for putting us off our Lamb dinner .
` Glad I 've got turkey today and not a leg of lamb .
` Is anyone else going to be sobbing into their dinner today ? #SundayBrunch . '

@summary
The ` Elf on the Shelf ' is a popular toy bought by parents to watch over their children , to make sure they are being well-behaved before Christmas

@summary
The toy began as a children 's book in the US in 2005

@summary
Each day in December , parents place the elf in different parts of the house so it pops up somewhere new when their children wake up in the morning

