@title
Oklahoma police chief issues himself a speeding ticket after local videotapes him going 75mph in a 50mph zone

@body
A police chief in a small town takes his job so seriously that he wrote himself a speeding ticket .
Sperry , Oklahoma Police Chief Justin Burch confessed on Facebook that he was caught speeding at about 70 to 80mph on Saturday afternoon and citizen put in a complaint . He was also caught on highway videocam .
Burch says he wrote himself the more than $ 300 ticket and that he 'll pay it in full .
' I am writing to inform everyone that I , Chief Burch , was breaking the law by speeding on 103rd Street North . A citizen made a complaint about it and I acknowledge that I was wrong in traveling at 75 and 80 mph , ' he wrote .
He was in a 50mph zone . The long stretch of country road contains schools where the speeds dip down .
' I did have a reason for being in a hurry , but my speeds were not reasonable . I am holding myself accountable just as anyone else would have to be . I have written myself a citation and will be paying it just like every other citizen .
I regret my actions and I sincerely apologize . I hope everyone has a great Easter weekend and please be safe . '
Burch said it was near the end of his shift and he was rushing home . Asked by a KTUL reporter if he would have paid without getting caught , he said , ` You know , honestly , probably not . You 're not going to have people come in and say , hey , I was speeding , or I ran the stop sign , please write me a citation .
Sperry is about 10 miles north of Tulsa and only has a population of 1000 so it 's easy to see why the police chief got noticed for his driving transgression .
Readers on Facebook were generally amused and forgiving . ` Writing yourself a ticket . I would have liked to heard the conversation between you two while that was going down LOL , ' wrote Roger Stice .
` Wow , that is integrity at its finest , ' wrote Victoria Albright .
Some others , however , were less effusive in their praise .
` Why is everyone praising him ... It took someone complaining to realize he did something wrong ? Obviously you 're not a very good enforcer of the law if you ca n't even follow the rules on your own accord , ' wrote Brent Brasel .
` Pic of the citation and pic of the receipt for paying the ticket or it did n't happen , ' wrote a skeptical Timothy Wedel .
Burch did indeed pose for a picture with his citation for KTUL .




@summary
Police Chief Justin Burch of Sperry , population 1000 , was caught speeding by a local

@summary
The person complained to the police

@summary
Burch apologized on Facebook but admitted he would n't have paid the ticket without being caught

