@title
Terrifying moments teen 's Dell laptop bursts into flames FOUR times in a row

@body
These are the shocking moments that a California teenager and his friend are put at risk by an exploding laptop - not once , but four times in a row .
The home security footage shows Devon Johnson , 18 , of Thousand Oaks , California , playing video games with his pal when his Dell Inspiron laptop , which is charging on the sofa next to them is engulfed in a fireball .
The fire quickly goes out , but Devon and his friend Andrew are n't out of danger yet - not by a long shot , NBC Los Angeles reported .
Scroll down for video
The explosion is so bright that the home 's security cameras switch from black-and-white night mode to color daytime mode for a second - showing the room awash in red and yellow light .
Devon blows out the dwindling flames and takes the smoldering computer outside , leaving behind a large black burn mark on the sofa .
He leaves it on a glass table in the back yard , but just minutes later the computer lets out another puff of smoke followed by another gout of blinding fire .
And soon after there 's another explosion .
This time Devon has a fire extinguisher to deal with it , but as he approaches the apparently dormant laptop it goes up again for a fourth and final time , almost taking him with it .
The cause of the fire is apparently the lithium-ion batteries used to power the laptop .
Lithium-ion batteries are used in hoverboards and Samsung 's Galaxy Note 7 smartphones , both of which are infamously prone to spontaneous combustion .
` Sometimes , that heat can be a -LSB- manufacturing -RSB- defect . And lots of times it 's abuse , ' said Bruce Dunn , professor of Materials Science and Engineering at UCLA .
` The battery is dropped on the floor , its punctured . '
In 2006 Dell recalled 4.1 million laptop batteries that were at risk of fire ; last week Hewlett Packard recalled 101,000 laptop batteries for the same reason .
Prof Bruce Dunn , via NBC Los Angeles
And last year Galaxy initiated a massive recall of its Note 7 devices , which had also suffered explosive battery issues .
The company even opened up stands in major airports so that users could hand in their devices for a replacement , after several airline carriers announced that they would not allow the devices to be carried on their planes .
Dell said that it would examine Devon 's laptop and ` conduct a complete investigation to validate its origin and understand its full history . '
` There is a wide spectrum of potential reasons for what 's seen in the video , ' it added .
It also distanced itself from the Hewlett Packard recall . The two companies are unrelated .

@summary
Devon Johnson 's laptop exploded while charging on his sofa in his Cali home

@summary
The 18-year-old blew out the flames and took the laptop outside for safety

@summary
Its lithium-ion battery then exploded a second , third and fourth time

@summary
Devon was almost caught in the last fire as he approached it with an extinguisher

@summary
Dell is investigating the fires ; In 2006 , it recalled 4.1 m at-risk batteries

@summary
The battery is like the ones used in hoverboards and Galaxy 's Note 7 devices

