@title
Turn left ! Democrats will embrace the Bernie Sanders manifesto in 2018 as they go populist after Clinton disaster

@body
Congressional Democrats are meeting to devise an economic strategy for the off-year elections with an emerging populist flair that wo n't just run inveigh against President Trump .
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer , who in his writings has urged his party for years to focus on kitchen table issues , has called for a ' a strong , sharp-edged , bold economic message . '
He has been meeting with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , who is trying to replicate her 2006 strategy that helped Democrats recapture the Republican House , Politico reported , after resisting calls for new House leadership .
Schumer said at a press conference Tuesday the party was focused on building a trade package partly intended to counter Trump . He said trade -- an issue that was at the top of Bernie Sanders ' 2016 playbook -- was among the top five reasons Trump won .
Schumer rapped Trump for failing to achieve trade concessions during his meeting with Chinese president Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago .
` When it comes to China , President Trump has been all talk and no action , ' Schumer said .
Schumer , who has pressed China on currency manipulation issues for years , said Trump came home 'em pty handed , ' the Hill reported .
The message that emerges will be `` populist '' and is meant to `` unite both wings of both caucuses , a Democratic aide told Politico .
The machinations come amid multiple signs that the driving forces among Democrats are coming from the fired up Sanders faction and base voters angry about Trump .
A Morning Consult poll this week showed Sanders with the highest approval rating of any senator in his or her state , with a 75 per cent approval rating .
In the latest fundraising figures , liberal firebrand Elizabeth Warren raised $ 5.2 million in the first quarter .
Although Republicans prevailed in Tuesday 's special election , GOP candidate Ron Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson by 8.3 percentage points in a Wichita-based district President Trump carried by 27 points .
Democrats are also hearing calls to not lurch too far from the center . ` It 's less important what our national message is right now , given that Donald Trump is sucking all of the oxygen out of the room , ' moderate Democratic Rep. Ron Kind told Politico . ` Quite frankly , the less we have to say about it , the better . '


@summary
Democratic leaders are meeting to craft a populist economic message for the 2018 elections

@summary
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer has called for ' a strong , sharp-edged , bold economic message '

@summary
Democrats historically pick up seats in off-year elections

@summary
The party is cognizant of how Bernie Sanders ' populist anti-Wall Street message caught fire , amid venting that Hillary Clinton focused too much on Donald Trump 's personal history

@summary
Desire to appeal to working class whites after presidential collapse in industrial midwest

