@title
Police believe human remains found in park may be 22-year-old man who went missing after Skyping his girlfriend

@body

The family of a missing 22-year-old man has been informed that his remains were discovered in a park .

The body , which was found in Riverside Park , Southampton , is believed to be of Ovidijus Aukselis , who went missing in July last year .
He disappeared after sending messages over Skype to his ex-girlfriend .
A large section of the park has been closed since a walker discovered the body .
Mr Aukselis 's sister , Indre , said at the time of his disappearance that it was out of character for her brother to lose contact with his family .
She added : ` My brother is a very homely person . My mum is worried , the whole family is worried . '
Miss Aukselyte said her brother had not been arguing with his ex-girlfriend , but he may have had difficulties in speaking to her .
Police initially tracked his phone to the Portswood area of Southampton but were unable to trace him further when the device 's battery lost its charge .
Half a dozen police cars attended the scene today , where a tent was set up around the remains .
A spokesman from Hampshire Police confirmed the family were aware but that formal identification would take place at a later date .
She said : ` Officers were called to the wooded area of Riverside Park in Southampton following the discovery of what appears to be human remains .
` Officers remain at the scene and a cordon is in place .
` The identity of the remains has not yet been established .
` The family of Ovidijus Aukselis , who went missing from Southampton on July 15 , when he was 22-years-old , has been informed of the discovery .
` Identification will take place in due course . '

@summary
The body is believed to be those of Ovidijus Aukselis who went missing in July

@summary
He disappeared after sending messages over Skype to his former girlfriend

@summary
A large section of the park has been closed since a walker discovered the body

